I had a spiritual experience on a vacation. I felt a sense of attachment with my surroundings and the world at large. I also felt a sense of one-ness with the people around me. It was life changing and I would do it again. 
It was the last time I took a moment to sit and listen to Grieg's full composition for Peer Gynt.  It was great.
I remember going to the beach one day and climbing up to this cliff where people go to look at the sunset/sunrise. I went early in the morning with my cousins and we went there to go watch the sunrise. We got there just in time and I remember seeing the sunrise along the ocean for the first time. The view was spectacular and I was left in awe of how peaceful and how beautiful it looked. It made for some nice photos and left me with a memory I will never forget.
I was a kid at my neighbor's pool.  There was the scent of fresh cut grass and a beautiful expanse of lawn and trees.  We were all happy and content. We could see the birds landing on the lake behind us and hear them sometimes.
A garden placed on steps with stupendous beauty. Flowers were placed on the side of each few steps of different colors. A small koi pond was on the side making it appears more beautiful.
I went to the park the other day. I was amazed at how everything looked. Nature is pretty cool. It has a lot of textures. I liked how green everything was.
We had left the dock in the center console early that morning and were heading up river to a section I had not seen before. We came upon the old rail road bridge from the 1800's and what was the remanants of an old indian burial mound, protected of course. It was admist a beautiful cypress forest that the sun was just shining unto and projecting her beauty. 
A summer concert at the Gorge Amphitheater in George, Washington. It's the most beautiful place to experience music that you can possibly imagine. The stage is set against a massive backdrop of one of the gorges in the PNW, with a winding river between each canyon. The blues, pinks and purples of the sky as the sun sets, the warm breeze brushing against your skin, with some of your favorite music playing, is almost an unimaginably euphoric experience.
I visited a botanical garden with my family. It was great to experience so much nature since we live in the city. There were lots of plants, insects, and other animals. It was gorgeous and very enjoyable. 
Yesterday when I walked outside to take a walk to the store, I noticed nature a bit more than I usually do. The wind was still, and the birds outside were wondrous. The sun shining on me warmed my body, but I also felt it warm my soul. I felt a beauty greater than myself yesterday morning, and that is the world that we live in. 
A beautiful experience that I have is when I visited a theme park called Busch Gardens during their Christmas event, called Christmastown. The park was covered in lights and Christmas decor. The most beautiful part was by a water ride. There was a cascade of lights strewn across this ride that made it look like a waterfall. When I first saw it, I just looked at it in complete awe. My eyes were completely focused on the sight. There was a chill in the air and many people talking around me. 
When I was working at genentec, celebrities would come in for tours occasionally. Well one day Nicole Scherzinger is getting a tour. You see her on TV and she is gorgeous, dressed really sexy, perfect makeup, etc. Well, when she is getting the tour, she is dressed like a normal person, minimal makeup, and she's even more pretty. I literally stopped in my tracks and stared at her as she walked by. I've never seen someone so attractive in person before.
 I was in a big park, that was full of people. It was overlooking a lake with a greenhouse next to it. I was looking for a geocache. I was so sad because I couldn't find it, but as I was looking under a tree I noticed a fake stump and I grabbed it! I was so happy.
This could be my wife, as she walked down the aisle. she was so beautiful and she smelt like roses 
My family and I took a cruise and we stopped in Grand Cayman for a day. It was truly the most beautiful place I have ever been. There was not a cloud in the sky and there was a light breeze that felt so good on my skin. The sand felt like powder between my toes and the water was clear and the perfect temperature. We went and swam with Stingrays. Being out there with nature and interacting with the Stingrays was amazing. I felt so much peace. The people were friendly and you knew they cared for their island. Everything was immaculate, you did not see garbage anywhere. I felt relaxed and revived. The air had a fresh smell to it with a hint of salt water mixed in. The sun warmed my skin to the perfect temperature. I felt like I was surrounded by beauty on this gorgeous island. 
The moment that stands out to me the most was when I first saw my girlfriend in the dress she planned to wear to my father's wedding. She looking more beautiful than anything I had ever seen before. The dress she wore hugged her curves and flowed off of her like water. She wore a blue halter dress that had a mermaid cut to it on the bottom. The dress was a dark royal blue and had a sequenze on it that made her shimmer slightly. She was wearing a body spray that smelled pleasant and slightly of fruit. I nearly cried when she smiled at me. 
I took a trip with my family to a villa in Turks and Caicos. We had our own private pool that overlooked the beach. It was a really great sight to see. I remember smelling the sea water and also the aroma of the villa, which smelled like it had just been cleaned. 
I went hiking a few months ago at Twin falls. I was taken back at how beautiful the scenery around me was when I was taking a rest break. The chirping of the birds and the smell of the trees was something that really stood out to me. Even the air seemed a bit different when I was noticing these things.
I was nine years old and my sister and I were spending the summer on my grandparent's farm in Iowa. Sunday morning after church we decided to play in the field that was situated behind the house. It was a large area with a beautiful old tree that was placed right in the middle. Even in the morning it was warm and I was able to feel it on my skin. The only relief was the shade provided by the old tree and the wind that would occasionally blow and make me almost shiver in relief. The wind blew past plants and leaves and created a distinct whistling noise that I love so much to this day. I remember everything being very yellow. The sun, the field, the color of the tiny shed that was just behind the house where my grandfather's tools were kept. It was the first time in my life that I was able to associate a moment with the word "beautiful."
I'm in Batam, Indonesia, an island that's just a ferry ride away from Singapore. It's early morning and I'm on the hotel balcony. It has just rained and there was an amazing, full rainbow arcing out in front of me, over the entire island. It was perfectly still, as most other guests at the resort weren't awake yet. The air was quiet and still and I stood and marveled at the stunning beauty of the rainbow, the island, and the lush grounds of the resort. It was the perfect way to start my morning.
I was in my grandmother's rose garden in Pa.  I could smell the roses even before I got to the garden.  I was overtaken by the beauty of the roses, all red and pink. and the smell was so fresh and refreshing.  I had to stand back and admire God's work.
I visited Singapore a couple of years ago and visited Sentosa while I was there. There are cable cars between the city and the island, and from there you can can get a good view of the island and the city. The island is tropical and beautiful, and the city is very modern and artistic looking. 
The day I proposed to my wife is a good example of such beautiful event. This was like the best moment of my wife because she has always been there for me in all my short comings. It was set up for a dinner and I made sure she never saw it coming. It was rowdy in the restaurant and then a waiter passing with a tray of drinks mistakenly spilled a little on her. She didn't even mind him because we were discussing and just then, the waiter turned to apologize. She then turned to respond to him, when I brought out the ring and proposed.
I was recently in my favorite place on Earth: Colorado. I stayed in a condo right on the lake in Summit County, and had a beautifully scenic view of the lake and the mountains beyond. There are many benches nearby, in what is a beautifully maintained park dedicated to the citizens of the small town. One of my favorite spots in the area is a small bench nestled in between several trees. A couple had dedicated this particular bench to their memory, with a plaque on it stating their names and the quote, "One of our favorite views". I sat on this bench, and in my mind thanked the couple for allowing me to share in the appreciation of that same beauty. The smell of the flowers, the beautiful view right on the lake, and the lack of any sounds other than natural ones permeated the atmosphere around me. 
I was staying at a cabin lakeside, and I happened to wake up early. The dawn illuminating the water across the lake was pretty majestic. And to kick it off, there were fish hopping in the water
I was winter hiking in the Adirondacks and made it to the top where I could see snow and ice in all directions, covering other nearby and distant peaks.  It was quiet except for the wind howling and i could feel the frozen air.  The natural beauty and power of nature awed me.
This was last fall when I went hiking at a nature park. The sun was setting it was crisp fall air. There was an onlook to a gorge and the sky was that pink purple.The ground was covered in dark leaves.
when driving to NC, in front of me was the mountains...blue in color, the blue ridge mountains.  it was spectacular.  I love mountains and these NC mountains were just breathtaking.  the sun was out and it was a clear day so that made it even more beautiful.  I felt a sense of calmness when viewing those mountains.
This sounds odd but I did see something of beauty in nature a few days ago. I hike to the grocery store every other day or so and on my way last week I happened to look up ant there was  red shouldered hawk circling near me. He was carrying in one talon a 1 or 2 pound fish. He or she was obviously taking it to the nest because his/her mate was also nearby signaling. I stood at the side of the road watching the hawk feed his family. It was fascinating and beautiful.  Gory..ok.. but still utterly riveting and beautiful.
Camping on a sandbank next to a river. Trees everywhere and the sun shining brightly. Wild life roaming around.
Last Summer, I visited Niagara Falls with my partner. The natural beauty of the falls was immense. I felt the strength of the nature on top of its beauty. The experience built in me a respect for the nature.
just before three years i saw girl with  beauty , i like her a lot i just feel like fall in love with her
the day i got scholarship to study account
Honestly the most beautiful thing for me is.. About 1.5 years ago now I fell in love with a girl, and her with me. It got to a point where we would spent half the day together in complete unity and love. We wanted nothing else but to just be with each other. We would make passionate love and just lay there for the next 8 hours talking about our fantasies we wanted together. Unfortunately that had to end, it was inevitable. But when you fall in love with someone like that it is the most beautiful thing. Period.
The first time I saw the ocean, I was fifteen years old. It was late in the day, and the sun was going down. It wasn't a beach, but a grassy area near our hotel. I smelled the sea, and it was warm but not hot. The sun was setting behind me (not toward the ocean), but it was amazingly blue and purple and went on forever.
When I was doing my college, I along with my friends went for a flower shop. That was the first time in my life going to flower shop. I bought some flowers and also took some pictures of me with those flowers. I felt so happy and proud of me. I looked so beautiful with those flowers on my hand. 
"After reading some of these answers, I asked my son Alfie aged 3 if he could remember being inside mummy's tummy. He sadi 'Yeah', so I asked him what it was like. He said 'soft' and 'dark' and then when asked what it looked like he said 'shiny' (odd answer? not if you've ever seen a placenta). I asked him if he could remember coming out and he said 'yes, it hurt me.' Can't wait until my little girl has the vocabulary to tell me what she thought!
"
"I once took a flight in a Hot air balloon. During the flight, the basket floated up and down. My son and I slowly glided with the wind and watched the peaceful countryside pass below. It was a surreal experience.The wind was calm but I could still feel it brush against my face. As the basket climbed higher and higher,the feeling was exhilarating, breathtaking but a little scary all at the same time. The land below, the water bodies plus the vegetation was the most beautiful scenery I had ever seen
"
I remember the last time I visited my hometown. I took my mother to the local botanical garden. She really enjoys flowers and nature, as long as it isn't too annoying, lol. Anyway, one of the features of the botanical garden is a butterfly sanctuary. When, we stepped into the butterfly room, I was surprised how humid the room was. But, the actual sight of hundreds, maybe thousands of butterflies was absolutely beautiful. And just as beautiful: the expression of happiness and joy on my mother's face.
The most beautiful experience I have was the first time I held my nephew. He looked so cute and smelled of a baby. He clung unto my thumb and he wouldnt let go. His closed eyes were so adorable.
I was on a ship, sailing on one of the Great Lakes. I remember looking over the side and watching the ship cutting through the water. Waves caused by the displacement. The water was a dark blue. Dark blue with white ripples caused by the displacement waves.
It was about 10 years ago and I was in the back yard with my family. We had a big backyard, with a quarter of it a garden fenced off. The rest had a trampoline, a swing set, a patio table and our grill. We were outside having a fun day together. The scents come to me first. My stepdad was grilling so there was that but under that was the strong smell of the tomato plants and a general "green" scent.  The beauty was in my family, what I saw as I observed them. It was  a perfect spring day, I think it could have been Easter weekend because he was home during the day. He had his car stereo on playing Mexican style music. He and my mom were hugging and flirting and he was dancing. This lasted about three hours, three hours of blissful peace and happiness and the beauty of nature all around us and within us.
I was at a festival and there was an artist playing at night that makes beautiful music. They started playing a really powerful piece, and there was so much love, and so many lights around me, and the stage was in the middle of a forest, and I just really felt at peace.
It was such a moment that I remember even 31 years ago, it still seems as sharp and clear as if I am stil 24 and looking at some amazing animal. I was working in Israel up in a farm commune in the Golan Height. My farmer was in middle of harvesting olives and he had me   separating bad olives with good ones. We had them loaded in a huge cart. Beside me were other helpers, Druze villagers from the surrounding area. Happy people that appeared to welcome me without any sense of hate or contempt. So we where standing around this big cart of olives surrounded by olive trees when I heard this barking sound. I look up and framed their between trees that lead to a open area stood this gorgeous brown and white gazelle like creature. I appeared to be playing around with the other animals there. It was prancing around and it looked like it had deep black stripes going down its back and face. It\s movement were fluid as if the legs where made of a different substance than mire flesh and bone. And can only say this it sort of emphasis what I saw later that day. These were the creatures that moved up and down the mountains of the Golan as if just taking a hike. Jumping up on rocky narrow mountain sides as if gravity was only a passing thought. This was my moment that made me stop.
I had a great and beautiful exprience recently when I retired from the job. I retired and they gave me retirement party and also a memento to remember for.
I was thinking of th sunset I saw last night. It was amazing the clouds were perfect. 
One time my partner and I went on a picnic in the park by the Delaware River. We enjoyed laying on the blanket and having a nice conversation. When the sun started to go down we sat on the dock together and watched it. It looked so beautiful lighting up the sky in hues of yellow, pink, and orange. The sound of ships going by was equally beautiful. I held her close to me and it was an overall beautiful experience. 
I went hiking. I was told that there was a waterfall somewhere along the trail. First, I heard it and went toward the sound. The waterfall was absolutely beautiful. The sound of rushing water was amazing and it was nice to see how it flowed. Another beautiful part I didn't expect was how easy it was the see the rocks beneath the water because the water was so clear. So the rocks were beautiful and clean. A very beautiful sight altogether.
I saw a beautiful woman. She didn't know what she was. If I knew her alone, her name was Juliana. Whenever I see her, I get some kind of love. I love her smells.
going to the local aquarium nd seeing all o the sea creatures like sharks dolphins otters turltes and jellish also seeing the outside animals like 
The beauty that comes to mind took place at a friends wedding. We were at a meadow right during spring bloom. There were beautiful red and pink roses everywhere. In between every rose bush was a purple lilac tree that made it even more admirable. The breeze in the air that day was almost mesmerizing. One of the most beautiful sites I have seen in my entire life. 
"I have a woods near me and have always liked to be in nature. As a kid I would head out into the countryside so nature is not new. On this day at the age of about 45 (17 years ago) I entered a woods near me alone and went in and sat on a log. I then took a hit of cannabis off a small pipe. Cannabis is also nothing new. I have been on and off smoking it since I was 15. But this time (about 2 pm on a July day) getting away from my life and in this perfectly peaceful place, it came alive. It was so peaceful. I had zero worries. I was caught up in the now as it were. The pure peace and somewhat quiet. The woods is actually bustling with noises and activities and on cannabis in July with tons of life around it all became a very enticing show. Everything was so peaceful and I was just there. Just an observer but also caught up in it. It was a one time thing when I felt truly at peace and in touch with nature. I was very, very, very happy (not from cannabis but from the experience). Cannabis only brought my awareness around to what was really going on and allowed me to tune in to the peace of pure nature free from all worry, tasks, responsibilities, humans, money, health, age, all the basic junk we have to deal with. I was free from all that for about an hour. I was very surprised by how much I liked being there and by the hidden peaceful world that is always there but which I seldom see.
"
In 2012 I was home in NH during a snow and I forgot how beautiful it is after living away from home in CA for so long. Everything was the brightest pure white and fluffy as cotton. It was quiet as a church and so peaceful.
When I went to India to see my family,  I was stunned by how beautiful the country was. I still remember the smells I had when I was there. There was so much natural beauty. I feel nostalgic every time I hear about India.
when my daugter was born i didn't know what to expect, i was just with my husband my mother and father could not be there but the time i see the little beautifull face and i knew what love was, i knew my life wouldn't be the same anymore.
I remember going to the beach and it was beautiful.
When I was wearing a suit for giving an important presentation everyone kept telling me how good looking i was. I was so proud and it helped me give the presentation. 
When I went to Wilmington a few weeks ago I was looking over the capre fear river on the edge of the city downtown. I was just looking out watching the sun set over the water and it was so intensely beautiful to see. The sky was a bright pinkish red and the sun was so fiery and orange. The wind felt great on my face and the air even smelled great. There was so much happening around me but when I experienced this and took a deep breathe, it felt as if all things had stopped while I took in this moment.
A time when I felt intense beauty was when I had sex with my girlfriend for the first time. it was such a beautiful and intimate moment. We were both laying on her bed when she just calmly slid her shorts down and presented her ass to me. I clearly remember spending 10 to 15 minutes just touching it and exploring it. Squeezing it. It was the most beautiful sight I had ever seen. I then lifted her shirt up and gazed at her laying there. The angle and the lighting in the room, and the position she was in. it was almost more than I can handle. 
When I was 24, my girlfriend and I were in the hospital, and dealing with the roughest time of our lives - we were getting evicted from our apartment. After failing to take the proper steps to legally withhold our rent from the landlord due to a problem that wasn't being addressed, we found ourselves on the bad end of a 7-day eviction notice. As if that wasn't stressful enough, we were in the hospital because my girlfriend was about to give birth to our first child. It was when she gave birth, that my life was transformed. I honestly didn't want a kid, and didn't want him, until the moment I saw him. When I walked into the room for the first time after he was born, I laid my eyes on a beautiful baby boy, and immediately became a changed person; I had helped bring into being this beautiful being and was overwhelmed with happiness, immediately breaking down in tears as I held him close and just looked into his eyes.
I had a beautiful experience when I get promoted at my job to a manager level.
I recall a couple of years ago when I went to my friend's place in Iowa. His family owns a lot of land out there and it was absolutely beautiful. I am a city boy, so I was blown away by the beauty and nature out there. It was a great experience and a great vacation from the loud and obnoxious city life.
I was in Florida when I saw the ocean of the first time and it was at sun set. Seeing the blazing orange water go on seemingly forever.
I climbed up to the top of big slide mountain in the adirondacks, the view was beautiful
I went to the botantical gardens and saw so many amazingly colorful flowers.
Hiking up hawk mountain during the fall. It's a long hike to the top where you overlook a wide variety of trees and colors, wildlife, rock river. It's peaceful up there.
I remember the first time I saw a picture of the countryside in Japan. It made my heart ache with longing. I knew that I had some connection to that place in my soul. This made me believe in past lives.
A few years ago a few of my friends and I spontaneously went to a music festival in the city. It was wonderful, we met new people and didn't have a worry in the world. That night while it was still going on we snuck away and laid in the grass and looked at the stars together. I felt amazing and I realized that's what gave life meaning for me; creating memories with the people I love most in the world. I started crying and told them why and that I loved them and then they hugged me. It made me incredibly happy.
I was playing an online competitive video game that I play frequently. One game I "popped off" so to speak, and performed way above my average performance. It felt like everything I did was perfect, and every shot I landed was a head shot. I felt that game was an expression of beauty, in a way.
One of my two most beautiful memories of my life was my wedding four years ago. It was my first marriage, as it was my husband's, and since we were both in our mid-50s we wanted a simple unelaborate event rather than the Cinderella type wedding that most little girls dream of. And yet my simple wedding was every bit as beautiful as the most expensive wedding in the most magnificent cathedral. My husband wore a plain green shirt and black pants, and a tie. I wore a simple long colorful dress. Our wedding was held in a tiny chapel that only accommodated 50 people. But it was a lovely wedding with just our closest friends and family. The air was thick with genuine love and happiness on our big day. Even the weather was a miracle. We married in mid-February, which is typically cold and frequently rainy. But that day the sun was shining and the temperature was a balmy 75 degrees. The sheer love and joy coming from us and all our guests was palpable. Four years later I still get a smile on my face and a lump in my throat thinking of that beautiful day. I hope that feeling stays with me for the rest of my life.
I went to Shanghai, China and it was absolutely stunning, especially at night. The skyscrapers and all the buildings were lit up with neon colors. It was amazing and beautiful. I did not expect China to be like this. It was a reminder of how far they have come in such a fast pace. The city looked like it was the future or something. 
I felt intense beauty when I first arrived at the site of my wedding.  It was fully decorated and full of beautiful flowers and decorations  It was pleasing to look at and peaceful to be around.  It was overwhelming.
I went to Hawaii last year for a week and the beauty all around from the ocean to the mountains. It was breathtaking.
I stopped at a lookout on top of a mountain in Virginia on the Blue Ridge Parkway with my girlfriend. The view was amazing, you could see mountains stretching away for miles. My girlfriend was looking beautiful too, had to get some pictures.
My husband and I had a really small wedding reception right inside of our home, but we wanted to make sure we found a really special place to get pictures taken after the ceremony. So we spent a few weeks driving around and exploring places we could go take pictures with the family. It was a summer evening, around the time the sun was beginning to set, and we came across this very old stone church that sat on a hill overlooking tons of greenery and mountains. Right next to the church was a stone archway with a stone wall around it that was low enough to sit on. My husband and I did not even have to say anything to one another, we just both silently knew this was where we wanted our wedding pictures taken. I vividly remember the sun was beginning to set and we just sat there together, overlooking the mountains and open sky watching all the different colors fade into night. It was a breathtaking view and extremely meaningful because I was about to marry my best friend and we got to experience this beauty together.
one day i was so stress by work and sleep i went to office by car the traffic made me so anger i realize i need a break for all of this the i meet a friend amma she as me to go to her farm house i went with her and meet her family and the silent nature place give me a relief from all the stress the nature places and the birds sound that is the beauty experience of the nature i feel so happy to see all of that 
I would have to say when my children were born. To pick only one, when my first child was born because that was the first time I was ever able to see a miracle. Nothing more beautiful than seeing your own child born. It is something that is hard to put into words, but genuinely the most beautiful thing I have ever seen or will see in my lifetime. 
I imagined a view I saw from the bay. It was a view of downtown that was spectacular. The sun was out, and the visibility was high, which just enhanced the beauty of the scene even more. It was totally picturesque.
Recently, I had the opportunity to see the go to the Amazo forest. The experience was truly breathtaking and I felt immense beauty and connection with nature. 
When I went to visit my brother, we went to this really nice vineyard. It was in the middle of the mountains, and it had this great view. It was on top of a pretty high hill, and it had this great view of the surrounding countryside, It was just very pretty and very peaceful
I finally arrived at my dream school Notre Dame and was able to witness the beauty of the golden dome and the grotto. I love the school and was emotional finally being their as a student.
When my aunt was getting married. I got dressed up as a bridesmaid. I felt so happy, everyone complimented me. I could smell roses everywhere. This was beautiful for me
I remember when I was about 13 years old, I went on a camping trip to Yosemite with my family. The drive to the campgrounds was stunning. We drove alongside rivers, both big and small. We drove through what seemed like a never ending forest. and once you got a little clearing from the trees, you saw an amazing mountain which if I recall correctly was called Half Dome. All of this combined made for what I think is real beauty. 
Riding a bus for a couple hours to do something for my school. About an hour in, we get as close to the waterfront as I've ever been. I forgot I lived in a coastal town; we were at the top of a hill, so looking out the window, it looked like the whole of Northrop Grumman opened up for us to see, like a picture book. I saw a destroyer-class ship just bobbing in the water, the sunlight glare sharp enough to leave after images. I saw what looked like a thousand tiny ants crawling in and out, manning vehicles, sitting down with each other. It seemed like a dream. It made me tiny.
It is a very beautiful experience. Perhaps the one that every girl wants to experience. This is the day that I got married. Everything about that day was beautiful, but I was the most beautiful.  In my white dress with my hair tossed in curls bouncing with my every movement. I was perfect. My groom was handsome and it was very serene. We married on a boat in the Marina where the waves crashing against the shore was the best musical ensemble one could ever imagine. The Seagulls chimed in on the music with their screeching and the wind instruments were represented by the wind blowing lightly across the shore.  This was the most beautiful day in my life besides the three children produced as a byproduct of that beautiful day!
I remember the time when my son was born. He was 6 1/2 inches and 6 lbs. Born 7:46 AM on a Monday.  I remember after I was done going through labor and I the nurse rolled me into the elevator and into the room I was staying in. My son wasn't there yet, but when he came back. I felt such relief and so many emotions rolling in all at once. I started to cry because it was so overwhelming. Mind you I did not have as much support as I should have. It was bittersweet. Whenever he yawned, I felt my stomach flutter at how cute he was. I was in such awe. When I saw my husband holding him and cooing to him, I felt that same fluttering feeling in my gut. It was such a beautiful moment for me. I still get those feelings from time to time with my child.
My friend invited me and my partner to stay at her mother's house  in the country after my sister died. We sat on the back patio in the woods, listening to the babbling of the stream behind the house and looking at the trees and the stars. There's a lot less light pollution there, and the stars looked more numerous. I felt relaxed for the first time in weeks.
At one of my past jobs I was a grower. I was in charge of several hundred plants and I loved working every day. Watching the plants grow under ideal conditions, smelling them, touching them and caring for them. Growing is truly a very rewarding experience and if you can appreciate the beauty of plants there's not much else that's more beautiful to you then seeing a garden grow to fruition.
I was walking through the "Garden of the gods" and I looked over the edge to see a acres of trees stretching off into the distance.
During my last year of medical school I was struggling a lot balancing my academics and my family life. I was feeling really stressed and hopeless, so I took a cross-country trip to spend time with my grandmother. My grandfather had been deceased for over 15 years, and she still clung very closely to all of his possessions. Even though we had very little language overlap, and I could not speak much in her language besides basic things, she understood well how stressed I was. We spent the weekend together cooking, working in her garden and just doing everyday things together. At the end of the week she gave me a gold pendant that belonged to my grandfather, something that she had given him years earlier when they were dating. This was his most prized posession. For me, this was meaningful because it was her way of communicating to me that she believed in me and that my grandfather was proud of me, and would always be with me.
I remember being on the edge of a stunning green-leafed forest-in long soft grass-overlooking a golden cornfield dotted with crimson splashes of poppies-with me was my soulmate-her black raven hair and porcelain skin-so much in love we just melted together-a perfect moment a perfect time--little did I know 2 days later she would be dead-so this memory is so beautiful to me--- I can still feel and see the field/forest
I was  bridesmaid at my brothers wedding. It was in a mirrored room filled with white roses and all our family and friends. The roses filled the room with a beautiful scent and the sun shine through the window. I was wearing a beautiful lavender floor length gown with my hair flowing down my back and felt so confident and happy. My makeup had been professionally some and I had contact lenses instead of my regular glasses. I felt more beautiful than I ever have (although the bride was a million times more beautiful) Thinking back on the occasion fills me with pride and joy.
Beauty is always looking too good our body. Monthly I go to spa. Truly's concierge can help you find the perfect experience, for any occasion.I go for waxing and facials, and come out feeling great, a new me, my skin glows, and i feel good. you,ve got to give it a go, I've watched the girls doing nails, and wow the finished results are great. and they have special offers too.
Once i join a online job. i am very happy to get this job. i went to this job. here i am meeting with some friends. i am so glad to meet them. here i am also meet with some one special who is my love of life. we are made for each other. and i wish we live always together.
When i was 15 years my father took me and my sisters on holiday in madagascar. We took a boat to this island and it was so beautiful there was blue water and blue skies. That was the best place I have ever been in my life we spent all our time playing on the beach collecting sea shells and enjoying the clear water. And you could just walk out from one of the hotel entrance and jump straight into the water, that was the best.
When meeting my girlfriend for the first time. I remember seeing her face and instantly thinking, you are so beautiful. I started dancing with her the music was loud but all i listened to was her soft voice. We got closer and i smelt her fruity perfume she had on.
It was a summers day, I was feeling a bit jaded since I was having trouble in my dating life at that time, then I saw my date walking towards me. She was wearing a long red dress, big smile, and was absolutely gorgeous. It felt like time had stopped. I knew at moment in time, I had to be with her.
The sunrise below was clicked from my hotel balcony in Shimla. The sun can be seen rising behind the hills. It was clicked during late November, so the valley beneath was covered in fog and mist which slowly subsided once the Sun appeared on the horizon. The unique thing about this sunrise is the sun-rays which can be distinctly seen.The other photograph is about the sunset clicked during my trip to Hampi. While I was walking through the banks of river Tungabhadra towards the ferry ghat, my gaze went towards the sun which was about to set. I must admit that the sun looked quite bigger than any other sunsets I had seen. The ruins of Hampi in the front made it a perfect backdrop
"I was jogging at the San Francisco Marina back in 1988 I think it was and I saw Robin Williams sitting in the side of his van just chillin'. I said, "How you doin' Mr. Williams?" He said, "I'm doing great, you running from the cops?" I laughed and stopped to chat with him for about 5 minutes. He was absolutely delightful. Such a fond memory. I wept when I heard he died."
I was amazed when my spouse and I visited Bodnant garden in Wales for the first time. I still remember how massive the place was with so many beautiful flowers that would really captivate your eyes. The garden has so many things to see, it's endless. From its beautiful manicured-lawn and gorgeous terraces to their beautiful collections of flowers and plants all over the world. I've always loved gardening so going there was like my heaven on earth. The smell of the flowers and its beauty were just so amazing that I didn't want to leave the place. It was such an amazing moment for me that I would never forget.
"Early mornings and their sunrise are quite special. You have to learn to appreciate them. You often forget what it’s like to wake up early and just sit back and enjoy the moment of a fresh start of the day. You try to stay in bed as long as possible, because you don’t want to get out in the cold. When you finally manage to get out of bed, you’re too busy preparing yourself to get ready for work. When you don’t have to work, you tend to sleep in until the day has almost passed halfway.I hate waking up during the week as well, especially on work days during Winter. But in Summertime I love to wake up early with the birds and enjoy the beautiful sunrise. I have to admit that in the city it isn’t always easy. The sunrise is often hidden behind another building or a tree. But still you can experience the silence of the world that is still waking up. You can hear the birds and feel as if the night swiped away all the bad things and the new day will bring something positive.
Walking in the Lake District in the UK the first time. At the top of one of the hills I could see for miles across a lake situated between more rolling hills. It was a lovely clear day and the view was magnificent, with trees on either side and a warm summer's breeze carrying the scent of nature. On the lake I could see some boats and people having fun.
Taking my dog to the park for the first time.  It was a lovely summer day, the birds where singing and the sound of the river tinkling.  Laughing as my new dog discovered he could swim and was bounding in and out of the water.  The smell of newly mown grass was apparent.
Few years ago I went on holidays to a different continent (my first holiday out of Europe) and when I arrived there and went to the beach it was absolutely breathtaking, like something you only see in movies. I could see the waves hitting against the shore, the water was clearer than I have ever seen before. The beach was sandy and soft under my feet and the water really warm. I could hear the sound of the waves. It was truly breathtaking and so much different than anything else I ever experienced before, I felt very close to nature and I could feel how powerful the Earth really is.
I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the books they write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect work of art
I experienced extreme calmness.  My eyes were closed, but my hearing and my sense of smell were heightened.  It was a warm day, a perfect temperature, and the sound was of birdsong, and the smell a slight fragrance of flowers.
Me and my ex-girlfriend live around 15 minutes apart but, i used to go to her house instead of coming to mine. Near her house she has a wooded area which we decided to take a walk up tp on a nice warm day. We walked through the allotments, past little rivers and eventually came to a bridge which came up to a nice hill. We decided to climb it and upon reaching the top we were sat in a little flower field amongst the top of the tree's looking over the town. It was a really nice time and day and a memory i am fond of.
The moment my first child was born and handed to my wife to get skin on skin contact and begin the mother and child bonding process.
It was a day in early March, where it should have been quite cold and damp, but on this particular day it was unusually warm and sunny and bright. I was feeling down in the morning and my sister just said "Right, get up, we're going out". Which is unusual for her anyway as she's not really a commanding person. We put our trainers on and walked to the shop, about 40 minutes away, and we bought some donuts. Neither of us really said anything or planned anything but for some reason we just kept walking. After an hour we ended up at a place called Piggy Dam. It's an old forgotten about stream, with a small bridge crossing it and a tyre swing attached to a tree. Somewhere only locals know, the best kept secret in the village. We sat on the bridge eating the donuts, I could see the early morning sun poking out from behind the tree and glistening on the water. We were so far away from any roads that all I could hear was leaves rustling and the lapping of the water. We just sat in silence, eating our donuts, feeling the warmth on our face. It felt timeless, I felt like a kid again, and the happiest I'd been in a really long time. 
Being at a beautiful beach up the central coast just outside Sydney, watching for whales as the sun started to go down
"I was stood by a sea wall in Ibiza with my daughter who was 20. We decided to make this place our ""happy place"". Somewhere we could mentally retreat to if things were bad in the real world. 
We tasted the tang of the salt air, we saw little waves crashing on rocks, we felt the love between us as I had my arm around her, we heard nothing except the gentle crashing of waves and we smelt the summer air."
I was giving my speech in my prom day.  I was nervous and anxious at the same time as i needed to talk in from of more than 100 people. For a moment  I could not see anything and my listening was blocked but when i started gaining confidence the situation improved, it was beautiful seeing my friends teachers and family listening to me
I was in a boat on the Ganges river at Varanasi at sunrise. The sky was a range of intense colours, some of which I felt I'd never quite seen before, hues of purpley blue and rich, burnt orange. I was feeling tired and my stomach was empty and hungry, as it was early and I hadn't been too well, and along the river bank there were several funeral pyres and the smell of burning incense along with human remains. The intensity was on a number of levels, including an overwhelming sense of mortality, but beauty was clear in the celebration and remembrance of life, along with the awesome sky which covered us all.
The most beautiful moment of my life was when I meet my long distance relationship girlfriend for first-time in real life face to face at Amsterdam airport. It's was so beautiful and special moment for me. I could feel her and touch her and smell her. I could see the beauty in real. That was the most special and beautiful moment to meet her first time and feel her. 
I was on a beautiful beach. The weather was great, the sea was calm and I was happy.
"I remember being by the sea with my friend when it was getting dark. The sun was setting and the moon was rising. The waves sounded more animated as it was getting dark, and the wind was picking up.
The clouds were a glorious hue of orange and red-pink as the sun made its gradual descent to the sea's horizon. The clouds were even more vibrantly so once the sun had disappeared.
We watched the moon rise and reflect beautifully on the water. The moon looked like a light bulb had been turned on. Because where we were was naturally made of limestone, the moon made it look magical and surreal.
It was clearly nighttime, but it was a bright glowy night. I could see most things though it was dark."
Last month I went to Maroon Bells mountains for a vacation, The scenery of the mountain was so beautiful and I saw flowers with different colors and the smell from the place make me so cool. We just took photos of some deer, Bighorn sheep and Pika, And I had a fresh air over there, We had a fire camp at night time and played music and danced for it, This one is a most memorable vacation for me in my life. 
"My life has a lot of memorable moments that it is hard to choose which one to write about. I would have chosen to write about my brother, who had been deployed as a soldier overseas and had come back recently after five years, however the essay would be more about him than me. So, I decide to go with my college graduation that happened recently. The day is still fresh in my mind and I can recollect everything that happened on that fateful day.
We all know how graduation days are important to us and our family members. It is a landmark day that marks the end of a cycle, just like giving birth, exchanging vows on a wedding day and death. Although learning never ends, graduation marks the end of those grueling days we spent reading and internalizing loads of notes just to pass few questions that barely covered even a quarter of the curriculum.
The day of my graduation is one of the best days of my life. On that day I realized that it does not matter where you come from, if you set your mind to do something nothing can stop you. Hard work pays and all dreams are possible. Always remember this: Life is not measured by the amount of breaths you take, but by the moments that take you breath away."
Watching my son play soccer and score 5 goals and win a championship  it was a mild spring weather was very good for playing soccer. At the end of the tournament I was approached by a scout for a professional club who wanted him to play join their team. I felt an immense sense of pride. it was really a good day to remember.  
On a fine rainy day, even today also I can picture it. It was like a dream, I saw my dream girl. She was like angel, she was dancing in rain and whispering something to her friend. She wore white colored dress and moreover it suits her like an angel. From that time, I call her only as angel. Many times, I tried to spoke with her. But at times, it ended up in no success. One day, I was bold enough to propose my love to her. I went and stood in front of her. My heart was pumping forth and back, my blood pressure was high and my eye sight was diminishing when I saw her. It was a new year and I wished her first. Then I gave a teddy bear with heart symbol and left the place. She was stunned and didn't speak anything. The very next day, she came to me and asked why I gave teddy. I replied that I was loving her from the bottom of my heart for the past few months and tried to convey it many times. That's how I proposed her. Even today I can remember how shivering I was when I stood infront of her and proposed. The day I saw her and the day I proposed was the best ever day in my life. One more thing, my love was no success. She rejected me that her parents wont allow her to select a boy by herself. I understood her concern and didn't disturb her after that. But now also, I am loving her and when I get a chance I will go to her father and ask him to marry her to me. 
I climbed a mountain in the sierra nevada in spain. The view was amazing and beautiful I could see the snow capped mountain tops in the distance and the village below. The wind was strong and bracing but the sun was warm. Their was grass under my feet. I could see the hills reaching off into the distance in the other direction.
First time i experienced intense beauty was my marriage.It was a very beautiful memory.I wore a beautiful gown and i looked very pretty and very happy that day.Those decorations around me.My makeup,hair dressing everything was perfect and beautiful.I felt like a proncess.It was a great feeling.
"Bathing elephants in Luang Prabang (Laos) for my 30th birthday, started early in the morning and visited the elephants in the river.

Myself and my wife then fed the elephants including a couple of babies with bananas before taking them to the river to wash them as the sun started to set later in the day, perfect weather, 30 degrees celsius and not a cloud in sight."
The smile and look my girlfriend gave me when I told her she was beautiful for the first time. 
I felt intense beauty when I saw The Bayeux Tapestry on a school trip to Normandy. I was amazed at the beauty of the piece. It's not so much that the actual images are beautiful, it is more the size of the piece, and the intricacy of the work. Actually seeing it felt beautiful because I was so amazed by it, and the setting was beautiful. I felt to lucky to be able to see it and enjoyed Normandy so much. I particularly remember the sunlight on this day, it was a very golden yellow even early in the morning, and the glow made the whole experience much more enchanting.
The most beautiful thing in my life is when I wake up in the morning and see the mountains and I feel alive and very happy to see all that God has created is very nice and comforting to be able to feel it
"It's an old quarry near my childhood home. It's been disused for years and while probably unsafe, it's been reclaimed by nature. There's a forest growing in it, and a lake around part of the edge. You can walk around the top of the quarry and look across the top of it all, or go down into the pit and into the forest. It's usually pretty quiet, sometimes you see young families go to have a look but other than that it's lovely and peaceful. 
I've often gone round to a particular spot near the edge where i'm still safe but you can clearly see the sheer drop and all the trees around. It can get pretty hot up there but it's still comfortably hot, just enough to really enjoy a summers day. I've also been when it's been snowing too. The lake frosts over and I wouldn't dare to walk across it but it's just as peaceful as in summer. 
There's loads of wild plants growing around the place. I couldn't name any of them but there's always this herby warm comforting smell down in the main bit, in the forest. Possibly some wild lavender hidden about. On top the scent is completely different. The air is dry and almost acrid. There's a bog to one side that can bubble from time to time and smells like something has gone off, but the air is dry so the smell doesn't carry"
I went to Wakulla Springs in Florida many years ago. It was a sunny day. The Wakulla Springs is a natural reservation area covered with trees and freshwater bodies. That day, as sunlight were touching leaves, it was creating fancy reflections on its sapphire water. I really found that color of the water body amazing. Many fishes were moving around in that clear water. I could easily see them, sitting a glass-bottom boat, feeling so relaxed in that natural setting.
i was proposed to, at the beach. it was a warm summers evening, we had just had dinner with my family and went to the beach. it smelt like the sea side and fun. it was warm and the sun was setting. there were a few people around and a dog. it was perfect
Camping with my daughter, the sound of cows moo'in in a field or two away, the light crackle of the fire , whilst my daughter ran around between the long grass giggling and then on to shorter grass kicking a ball and throwing a frizbee.
It was Christmas day, I dont relly "do" Christmas so take my German Shepherd for a walk on a golf course which is of course deserted that day. This was a warmish day for December and the course was so green and whilst some trees had shed their leaves others were still in bloom. I could smell freshly cut grass and my dog was sniffing about very happily. I then looked up and saw a raibow except it wssnt a full one. It was extremely wide and vivid but rather than being a complete arch it was as if somebody had taken a brush, loaded it with colours and slashed it across part of the sky - it looked just like a perfect stroke of colour sitting in the sky. It was breathtaking and I had never seen anything like it nor have i ever since. As it faded, rather than it generally disappearing it started to vanish at each end of the "brush stroke" until the two ends sort of met in the middle and it was gone.  I was so hypnotised by how bright and loud the colours were and the width of each individual one, I totally forgot to take a photo but the image is, three years later, as vivid in my mind as a few seconds after it had gone, such was its beauty.
for me , i am very shy type to speak with girls, while i am going to college , the girls used to interact with me, but i used to avoid, like that my college life was going on, meanwhile on the 2nd day itself i was sighting a girl with a look of a village, she used to note me down and share with few friends , like that 1 semester gone, and then the second sem started , she too involved with me and interested in me ,, such that my life was in quite doubtful condition, but i am very confident in my heart that , i can live with her and we both shall marry like that, i was cent percent sure, and 2nd sem over at the end of 3rd sem my confident slightly up and down , as same as my thought, her family was about to marry her with the another guy, when i heard this i was mentally disturbed and broken brutally, i cried a lot , felt a lot, all shattered in a second, and she married, i went with lot of....... and drunked for the first time and vomitted, and little by little i came out of that , and now she is blessed with a baby girl. when i look back , this was the beauty thing for me
It was an almond tree.the fruit colors both tge ripe and the unripe sat beautifully in between the leaves.the smell of the leaves is so intoxicating 
saw a kingfisher bird in the wild, standing on a small branch over a stream in a beautiful setting.
I went to a butterfly house inside the zoo. It was a grey day but inside the house the heat was tropical and there were brightly coloured plants everywhere. All around me were hundreds of different butterflies - from small bright ones to large fuzzy moths, and glasswings eating mangoes. I was able to watch them on the leaves and the fruit, and one landed on my hand and tickled me. 
Waking up in my tent in the morning, unzipping the door and looking out onto a Scottish loch at sunrise. The air was crisp and fresh, the dew on the grass giving it a natural smell. I felt well rested and at peace, excited to get up and to be alive. 
"I am sat on a bench upon a moderately high cliff in Devon. It's early September and the weather is warm but with a slight nip in the breeze that tells of Autumn coming. The bench is warm underneath me because it has been in the sun: it's made of wood and is worn down from generations of people sitting in the exact spot I am in now. I am looking out to sea. 

In front of me is grass which has been recently cut but is lush and gree. It is contrasting with the intense blue of the sea. To the left is a long beach arching out to the sea. The sand is yellow and I can see tiny people walking dogs, making sandcastles and generally relaxing.

I am sat with my husband, but we can't stay for long because we've parked the car on the road behind us without paying for a ticket as we had no change. I wanted to show him the biew because I used to come here as a child. I can feel the sun on my face and I'm looking forward to getting some food together that evening."
the day my son was born, even though the birth was such a struggle because his umbilical cord was wrapped around his neck four times, when I first saw his little face I fell in love. He looked just like his mother, which was weird for a boy. But I love those little lips, especially when they smile.
Giving birth to my son was my beauty experience.Bringing another human being into life is something really beautiful and stunning.Despite of all that difficult moments , the beauty of the moment you will hold the baby is bigger than words. you are not just making babies , it is all about making moms , some wonderful, strong,capable, kind women.when my son was born at first i was confused but after some seconds i thought my heart was going to explode with all that love . 
I saw the bright blue waves crashing against the sandy shore, with the sun glistening on the water. There was the faint sound of water splashing muffled by the sounds of laughter from my friends and strangers sharing the beach. The sky was cloudless and looked endless. The scent of fish and seaweed was no longer apparent for this moment as my senses were overwhelmed by the beauty of my surroundings. 
Last year On the 1st of December. My course mates and I went for a Plum night at a club to have a pre-graduation party because we were to graduate on the 3rd of December. While the party went On, we were told surprisingly that awards would be given in few minutes time. I was surprised because I wasn't aware they were going to give awards at the party. The time for the award giving clicked and we all sat to watch who would be awarded. They call few persons out and awarded them. I felt happy for them because they were my friends too. After giving some awards, the person giving the awards called out for me and gave me a beauty award. I was so excited. 
i was visiting a national park to view a famous waterfall. We left early to see it alone. When we arrived there was a wild deer drinking from the water not too far from the waterfall. The sun had just come up. The smell was of fresh water and grass. The deer was absolute perfection. pure beauty. 
Standing with my partner in the evening on a hot summers day watching the sunset over the ocean. There was a slight breeze in the are which I could feel gently blowing through my hair. I could smell the salt from the sea in the air and was so relaxed and calm. I felt so at ease and for those moments forgot about everything else in life.
The experience that I remembered happened last year on my summer holidays went I went to the isle of Arran (Scotland). After walk around the island I saw the most amazing waterfalls... I felt joy, happiness and peace. It was wonderful.
Flying over the grand canyon in a helicopter is something I will never forget. The size and scale of the canyon is like nothing else I have experienced. I was in complete awe, got quite emotional as well. Didn't want it to end and 30 minutes just flew by.  
I was in Sri Lanka. I heard the beautiful sound of the elephants that stood tall and the sun was shining with a clear sky. the humidity was perfect and the combination of the water and the background noise was unbelievably satisfying. overall it was a beautiful sight to be in.
i won a bet at the last champions league final game in Madrid between Liverpool and Tottenham Fc, it was a happy moment for me because initially before the game i lost my iphone x max, it made my day a bit bad during the game but at the end of the game my heart was lifted from my pains. I got my win the next few days and i got a new phone, I won close to £10,000.
I remember lying on a beach at night with my girlfriend at the time and looking up at the stars which were bright and beautiful. I could hear the sea gently lapping at the shore and the smell of the sea.
My first time visiting the Las Vegas Strip it was amazing, the bright lights, groovy music and people of a different world and culture to what I am used to had me stunned.
when my son was born I remember is well. when he came out and I heard the cry he let out. I cried myself
I was sitting in the cinema and the lion king preview came on. It was in 3D and I could feel the visual elements right in front of me. The grass looked lush and the hair on the lions were so real, I could almost touch it.
It was a day out at Buttermere in the Lake District.  The mountains are beautiful there - they glow red and blueish and there is a lake which we walked beside. It was a gorgeous day, I recall. 
"There's a lot of non-nature experiences to pick from, but my favorite overall has to be when I was a kid. I used to go to an indoor garden now and then, it was free entry so as a kid it was a nice lace to go to get away from home and read.
There were many exotic plants, trees, flowers, as they kept the temperature warm and humid. There were multiple ponds, streams, fountains and waterfalls too, as well as wildlife such as fish, bugs and birds. It was like sitting in a miniature ecosystem. It was stunning to look at, but extremely relaxing also. At one point they'd be open for 24 hours so you could go in and nap if you wanted. The smell was similar to cut grass, or the smell after it's rained outside - very damp, earthy and occasionally like flowers if it was the right time of the year."
I was skiing in Swiss Alps. We got to the top of one on the mountains, and I saw a beautiful mountain range. the weather was sunny so I could see all of the many mountains at once
"I was in America for my first time in grade 12, dreaming since grade 6 to get an international science award at a science fair, years passed a year after year and I tried as hard as I could each year getting rejected and trying again and so on for four years.
On my fifth trial I succeed locally and went to Pennsylvanian,  There I it was amazing I was always happy, sometimes stressed but passed every judge with confidence, smelling fresh air and enjoying smiles of my friends and kind people who did support.
At the ceremony time I sit focused starring with a gaze and awaiting my name with fear, I did see every moment of the past five years I've been dreaming day and night with this. Awards passed and other participants names have been shouted out. Then  I felt disappointed with no more chances for me in my senior year in high school, But at a wired moment, my friend looked at me and suddenly give me a very ward hug shouting out my name ""your naaaaaame"" he said to me. I jumped out seeing noble prize in front, ran out to the stage and hand sharked the professors warmly with a pure smile on my face and an extreme sensation of happiness and pride. Although it was just a fourth award, It was the most beautiful night of my like and a huge source of hope for me till now.
it was a rainy afternoon I was at home and a friend came and invited me to come out so it rained and I did it I agreed, I remember the smell of wet earth and feeling free in the rain
My beautiful experience was my first concert. I went to see my favourite band of all time and I remember crying when I heard my favourite song being played by them. There was the smell of alcohol and sweat in the air but it felt like home, and the booming metal playing was bliss to me. I felt and intense sense of belonging when I was there.
It was during a concert in a historic venue. Could see the sea behind the stage and the iconic buildings surrounding the gardens we were in. The sun was setting in the background as the band was playing. The sky was red.
I was in Santa Monica on holiday with my father and we had rented an old Mustang to use for the two weeks we were there. Given I am from the rather dull bit of England, the west coast of America was rather special, however, I did not expect there to be such beauty as the jetlagged drive through the Hollywood Hills during sunrise
I often would walk down a river near my house, I would walk for about 8 miles. There was this bench that was totally isolated and in an odd place. I can't remember how I found it, but I remember sitting and looking at an incredible view. A lake flourishing with wildlife and hills in the background with a farm on it and a windmill. It was so peaceful and silent, hearing the sounds of just the animals and watching life go by. 
This is one of my fondest memories, and I visit back there when I can. But at this moment I felt the true beauty of the world and at peace with myself and my surroundings. "
The place I was thinking of was Paris, Paris is the most beautiful places I have been to. The architecture is intrigue and visiting the Louvre and looking at the wonders of the art is just too good to be true. One of my fave rout parts of Paris was the Louvre because of the glass pyramid and the upsidown one I ride. Not to mention the Beauty of the Engle tower!
I love animals.And i started petting dogs,cats and parrots.Once i went to Ootacamund,which is located in India . Ootacamund  ,a nice place to reside when you're at too much stressed.At that time i had just gone there with my friends for vacation.On a fine day,we began to start refreshing.,becaause weather seemed pretty amazing(around 14 degree).When we approached towards tea shop,a cat seemed to be standing right there.It seemed to be pretty cute and it was starved like never before.My friends were standing alongside me.I was really wondered that cat came towards me and started licking my shoes.I thought that cats itself had got some frequency in which they seemed to identify the cat lovers(cat lovers usually called as ailurophile).Then i did petting that.It blinked at me and i was so happy.It actually behaved in a such way that i used to get those behaviors from my pet(its name buhlbuhl)either.I bought some chicken for that cat and i fed him afterwards.That cat started eating those chickens and i left that place without distracting it.Because i would feel so sad to leave that stray cat there.So whenever i saw some stray dogs and cats,i used to feed them.that really gives some happiness which i aint even experienced from my friends,colleagues or my parents.I'm still thinking about that cat whether he is good or not.These sort of thing always made me feel stressed.I blame god for making me this much kindheaarted towards animals.This experience would always cherish!!!
we are at the trekking we saw a tree with huge hole where our friends 15 members stood and take a picture the location full of colourful with green moses on the barks of the trees seemed like the trees are wearing a green dress it smell fresh and cold.
"I was walking home, back from my work. I saw a rickshaw stopped opposite to my way. A two years old boy, along with his dad and mum came down off the rickshaw. I could not take my eyes away from the kid as he looked very cute. The man paid the rickshaw puller. Than mum and dad held the kids each hand and started moving away from the rickshaw. As they started walking, the kid started struggling to take his hands off from the mum. His mum held him more tightly and tried to drag him a little bit because the boy was not walking as well. At last after few try, the mum gave up. She left his hand and with a little irritation, she said,- ""What do you want?"" As his on hand was free, the little boy looked back to the rickshaw driver, smiled and said,- "" Bye, bye, uncle."" Only, at that point, we realized that he only wanted to free his hand so that he could say 'bye bye' to the rickshaw driver.
This happened in Nepal, where, lower income, poor people barely get respect from the adults. And that little boy simply touched my heart by showing how kids innocently equalize this world irrespective of colour, citizen, language, wealth or race. How easily they can make people smile.
CHILDREN ARE AMAZING!!"
A vacation to Paris with family and friends which include tour around the capital and trying out different things like French delicacy and getting to know different places, meet different people, try to learn French too
It was a beatifuly daya with clear blue azure sky, unusuall becuase here it normally rains. The evidence of it having rained for a long time and very heavily was everywhere to be seen as waterfalls pooured off the steep mountain sides into the seas below. In the 2-deck cruise vessel below we exeperiences the waterfall spray and got close enough to see the stunning luxuriance of the temperate rain forests that lined the inlet. The excited but quiet chatter of the Japanese and Korean tourists added to the sense of well-being in this extraordinary paradise we found ourselves - fully excpecting it to be low-cloud, poor visibility experience.  
When the spring starts, there are some trees that turn pink (my favorite color) they look almost like Japanese cherry blossoms (which I've always wanted to see in person) so, Everytime they appear, I'm so amazed by its beauty, it brings me joy and peace, not only that tree although I'm in love with it, but all the other trees turn beautiful and the birds start chirping again, I love the sense of spring beginning
It was when I visited the Golden Bridge in San Francisco, California. It was the first time I've been there as a tourist so everything is foreign to me, and seeing the massive scale of the bridge with my own eyes left me speechless. Walking on the bridge, I felt the salty smell of the ocean, the windy blew through my arms, and there are also other tourists walking beside me. In the background is the sound of cars driving past the bridge as well. When I walked to the middle of the bridge, I also saw what I think is a whale coming to the water surface, it was everything I asked for in my trip to SF.
Last week I had got a call from my ex girl friend.We had meet after 10 years. I feel very happy and nostalgic.
I have seen a flower which changes its color two times in a day. When the flower when it grown it is white color and in the afternoon it is baby pink and in the evening it is dark pink. I liked it  very much its plant also very good daily we can get more flowers
I felt very good at this occasion. This was some festive occasion. I was looking pretty and some of the girls living in our area where staring me for long. I love the way they were staring on me. They liked me and one of them wants to propose me.
It was right after a meditation session. I finished meditating on my house roof. When I opened my eyes, everything looked very beautiful and pure. I moved my eyes around, saw plants and green leaves, blue sky with clouds, buildings, furniture and everything looked so beautiful. It was like the world is a beautiful place and we are blessed to have it.
My experience was when i saw my partner and gone love proposal. Last 3 months before i proposed my love to my lover and she get very shy feel and i also. The place where forest area with elephants are presented and birds sounds are awesome environment for me and i got very very pieceful location and well.
 Beauty Experience is a full beauty and spa our services are Hair, Lashes, Nails, Facials, Massages and Brow Sculpting
"The moment was when my first ever smartphone arrives. I was in school at the time. It was based on my own personal savings and I am a techno geek. You can probably feel my excitement. Also, it was the most popular and expensive phone of the time. I was super excited to have it. It felt like not waiting for anyone, just opening the box and using it right away.

It was delivered as a parcel from Amazon, the person came to send the parcel also told me to calm down as he saw the level of excitement I was having. 

I immediately asked my parents for permission to open the phone and use it."
We went to temple in Thanjavur. I was very impressed with the intricate detailing. The temple was enormous. I felt really connected with the temple. I couldn't get enough of it. I could still smell the unique temple smell. There were so many sculptures.
When i was seven year old, i went to the temple and run away from the temple. My parents were finding many hours but they cannot found me. After several hours my parents found me. They were happy. I was very panic at that time. But still this was interesting and wonderful experience for me.
I was doing my college first year. I saw one handsome man stand infront of my department who does not belongs to my department. Both see each other and he fall in for me. I also do. Life was so beautiful when we love each other. we got married and have daughter. But being lover to him was most beautiful and very pleasant memories of me. 
I went to one perfume factory at the time the truck came to deliver the load of flowers and I was amazed to see all those together with some great smell and I was really surprised and I'm able to remember for a long time. 
The experience that I was with nature 2 years back I went for a trip with my friend at forest ,The camp at beside of waterfalls almost 5 days trip I feel high and such a beauty in life the atmosphere from the hills and from the waterfalls, two days rain it feel Mee touching soul. I get very high quality days in attachment with nature .. remaining social days and events are just normal not specifically interested.
I feel is very happy and beautiful of the birthday party.I am excepted to the party and friends,relative of the my home.I happy and  beautiful moment of the day. 
Once upon a time I had worked. At the time I had very happy and with my friends. That the experience very beauty experience for my life. We are worked in enjoy and hard work. We are celebrate all events. That a happy life not forgot. I currently image and the oldest themes.
"In my life i was traveled to my native town through plane and i was flying at high altitude.
Shining of Clouds was wonderful, amazing. I took lot of photos through plane window.Natural sky blue was beautiful."
i like beauty. i am going to friend marriage. yesterday  i am going to beauty center. beautician done eye brow and facial . i like beautiful this moment. some makeup done
I was holidaying in Switzerland. It was early spring and I was with my wife. We were going to Mt. Titlis. We walked to the cable car station from the railway station. There were gurgling streams on the way, fresh green grass, colourful flowers and snowcapped mountains in the distance. The birds were chirping and the chill in the air was just about comfortable. The sun was gentle and provided enough warmth so as to not feel cold. That walk was one of the most scenic and beautiful sight I have experienced in my life.
"I don't know whether this is a beautiful experience or not but I always remember and cherish this experience when I feel low, depressed and blue. I guess love is one of the most beautiful experiences in the world. Your first love when you get flat seeing that girl makes you numb, time stops moving, you can't sense, you can't breath as if your heart stops pumping blood. This happened 20 years back when I was in high school and there was a girl and she and I were at the same school from kindergarten onwards. For others, she is just an average girl but for me, she is an angel in disguise. I always had a soft corner for her but did not have the gut to approach her. The situation changed and after so many years in high school, I approached her intentionally asking for assistance with the projects and she obliged and helped me dearly in each and every way possible. Whenever I was with her, I lost my senses as if I am not sober, I became intoxicated whenever she was around me. After 10 or 12 meetings we agreed for a cup of tea. It was raining and she took the cup in her hand to feel the warmth and the way she sipped her tea, it is as if it was yesterday though it happened 20 years back. I am in nostalgia.

Thanks for creating this post so that I can write something which was only in my mind but now it in the post."
The most beautiful scene I've ever seen is a lion feeding its cubs .The most wonderful food I've ever tasted.
I had beautiful memory when i was 15 years old girl. I went to tour with my family. I was very enjoyed that time. I spend lot of time with my family. We smiled a lot and danced each other. We shared the food each other. This was the beautiful memory.
The beauty experience I felt was when me and my friends visited a hilltop tourist place. The place was thousands of feets above sea level. The journey took half a day to reach that place. The place was so beautiful that every one stunned . The nature made that place like a heaven. The road was good and all the roadsides  are greenish and full of flowers. At top the temperature was cold.   All the area surrounding that place can be seen tiny in a distant view. The clouds look like they are going to touch our head. The sunset view was a beautiful view that we never gonna forget. 
when my marriage date fixed ,i decided to go to the beauty parlour, at that place i feel the different and pleasant smell,after complete the facial process , i felt fresh and looking better than before, that was the great feeling of mine. 
one day that was my birthday.i was fight with my dad because he cannot buy any chocolate,dress,gifts.i was felt so bad.so shouting loudly.then i go to college.  fullday i cannot in right mood.that evening it was 5 o clock.one car comming to me and pickup to the 5star hotel.all friends and family members are there that place.my dad was waiting for me.he come to me happy birthday baby and you are gifted to me i am sorry babes.that minute i was so happy memorable day and moment.
always i am person who loves travel and be with others in my entire life i never thought much about general people or the society as whole it may because of my life style. but, few years back when i was in my earlier days of college one of my friend got injured in a road accident. and we admitted him in a hospital at that time we don't know his background or family status(financial). when we know about his situations and how hard time he is facing we felt immensely bad so, we decided to help him upon the help of our college friends we helped for his medical treatment after few months he recovered. when i saw his mother he thanked me from her heart which makes me heart broken till that time i never interested or even thought about other life or their issues i only think about my life and passion at the time when i saw her eyes i came to know the meaning of real happiness. this incident diverted my life in different way even still now we formed a NGO to help needy people. and, finally in my personal opinion there's nothing is great other than fulfill a persons dream 
My sister's baby's care with my experience very enjoyed and they smile flying for the sky with the thought. They innocent age and more than seven months baby's. They very closed with me . And correctly identify for me. They very happy and me happy. I like very much. My home happy for the babies reason for only.
I can't think of a single word for near-perfect, but there are many that describe a beautiful woman. Elegant, gorgeous, ideal, lovely, stunning, radiant, exquisite, fair, fetching, delicate, divine, dazzling, enticing, enthralling, magnificent, resplendent, mesmerizing, charming, captivating, adorable, alluring.
My beautiful experience is boating
this summer i visited mountain for trekking and saw the beautiful nature.the atmosphere was very clean and windy the smell of plants and flower was flourishing the mood
i felt inner beauty when i first saw my lover. she is very beautiful when i first saw her i felt very happy inside me its like thousands of butterflies flew inside me. that was the day i didnt forgot. that is the day i felt like i being in heaven, and now she is my lover. That is the day i felt inner beauty and happiness inside me.
my childhood life is very interesting in my life.this life is so enjoyment life.i am very happy. when i am seven years old i get the price in school fancy dress competition .my parents are very happy .
i can't forget the day when i commited in a relationship with my partner.that day i can feel my inner beauty on my face.the thousands and more butterflies flying around me.my partner made a surprise to me.that day i feel a fresh air and also i realize my original maturity on that day.my partner make me very crazy and joyful on that day.he bring me a lot of flowers from different country.when i think about it i can feel the fresh smell of flowers on present also.that day make me feel like a heaven and i am an angel in the world.
beauty experience is full beauty and spa then services are hair,lashes,nails,facials,massages and brow sculpting then it was feeling very comfortable and very fair in to my face and body then all days i am very fresh to the best experiences
TODAY MORNING I WAKE UP AT 7.00 AM. I SAW A BEAUTIFUL FLOWER ON MY TABLE. I THINK MY MOTHER MUST BE KEPT IT. THE FLOWER WAS SO FRESH AND COLORFUL.THE SMELL WAS MAKING A JOY TO ME.
i can not forget my proposal day.that i feel very special in the world.i felt i am in heaven.my partner take me to the beach with all arrangements.we just going to the boat ride.my partner proposed me on center of the sea.there is no one can watchig us ecxpecting the stars and moon and sky,water.i can clearly hear the voice of my partner.the voice mesmerized me.in center of the sea we can feel the fresh air with love feel.there is lot of peacefulness between us.i cant forget the incident in my life time.
It was my travel experience in the mountain, and I was traveling by train. The nature itself was so beautiful, and a feast for the eyes. It was a bright sunny day and I saw lot of beautiful falls, lush green fields, dense trees, peculiar birds. Though it was a bright sunny day, it was raining in some part of the travel and it was also beautiful.
that was my college day.i was 2nd year.i am days scholar student. one day one letter in my place.it was one boy writing for me.that was i want friend with you.and also love you. i read the letter i was so shocked. next day that letter boy was come to me. he was me best friend in my schools days.and i accepted his proposal and start the life.that day was most memorable and beautiful day in my entire life.
This is from a few years back when I went trekking in the Himalayas. After braving the weather for a few days, I felt that I was coming down with a cold and decided to stay in for a day. My Nepali hosts were very courteous. Later that evening, knowing that I was unwell, the mother of the house went out of her way to grab some herbs to make a locally used medicinal concoction. I didn’t quite expect that and I was quite moved by their generosity. About a week later, there was I was, making my way across one of the highest passes in the world. Physically it was brutal, but it’s a moment that’s going to stay with me forever. 
"It happened a few years ago, 2017 March to be exact. I and my friends decided to visit Taj Mahal which is located just outside the city of Agra in Uttar Pradesh, India. 

It is true artwork and was very fascinating to me. The true symbol of love in front of my eyes, I was in fact mesmerized how you can spot the optical effects of marbles throughout the building. As I walking around I felt a sense of mystery and excitement over how I was able to fulfill my long term wish.

I still remember the place very vividly in my mind. I hope to visit Taj Mahal again sometime in the future.

"
I WAS 14 YEARS, I WAS WENT TO MY UNCLE'S  HOUSE FOR SUMMER HOLIDAY. I LIKE MORE ENJOYABLE WITH MY COUSINES.  BECAUSE I MORE CONNECT WITH NATURE. I LIKED THAT PLACE LIKE THAT CANEL, CULTIVATION PLACE AND MOUNTAIN. I LIKE THAT VILLAGE BUFFALO VECHILE I MORE ENJOYBEL WITH THAT VECHICLE. AND I LIKE THAT COWS MILK AND HENS ETC. IT IS MORE BEAUTY OF MY EXPERIENCE
Once upon a time I visited one place in France, It was really superb and I was really surprised to see all the flowers and plants in one place. I felt like I was in dream and I couldn't able to forgot those scenes and I can still smell the flowers when I remember it. It smells unique and I was mesmerizing when I see the flowers. 
One day evening rainy season the road full of yellow color blossom flowers.At the time i met my girl I saw her like a gift in my life.At that time the environment and the situations all are impressing me very well and i felt that beauty.
In my life,My summer vacation is one of my favorite family traditions is summer vacation. Every summer without fail we go on vacation, and we stay there for at least a week.At that place,nature will makes a great happy feel  in my life.Nature is the most important and integral part of the lives of everyone and also that is very colorful and has both living and non-living things.At night time,we look up the stars and clouds which looking very pleasant and makes me feel complete.This is my most beauty experience in my life.
I FELT INTENSE BEAUTY ON MY 25TH BIRTHDAY WHERE ME AND MY FAMILY MEMBERS WENT TO A HOLIDAY VACATION TO KERALA. MY FAMILY MEMBERS CELEBRATE MY BIRTHDAY ON KERALA AND ALSO WE WENT TO SEE BEAUTIFUL PLACES IN KERALA. ESPECIALLY ALAPPUZHA. I NEVER FORGET THAT PLACE BECAUSE IT IS TOO ADMIRABLE. IT CHANGE MY TOTAL BAD AND SAD MEMORIES IN TO DELIGHTED. IT WAS EVENING TIME SO IT LOOKS MORE BEAUTIFUL. I FEEL IT WAS AN INTENSE BEAUTY THAT I EVER SAW IN MY LIFE.
last month I visited artists associations exhibition at my town. I really like art, so i felt a very strong feeling towards the program. Artists  from different regions of state was present , it includes kids and elders. The paintings , sculptures and other crafts they made were amazing. I felt very strong feeling to participate in it and show some of my skills. but  i am not at all near to the skill of a single kid who made his presentation there. I felt like that i was floating through a different universe of beauty and forgot all my strains.
I LAST DECEMBER MONTH I AM WENT TO KODAIKANAL WITH MY BUDDIES. REALLY I ENJOYED WITH THAT PLACE AND I FEEL COMFORTABLE. AND WE ARE GOING TO KILLING STATION PLACE IT WAS VERY AMAZING TO SAW. IT WAS ONE OF THE MY FAVOURITE MEMORIES IN MY LIFE. WE ARE TASTED THE SWEET CORN AND PLAYING WITH MONKEIES. IT WAS AMAZING TRIP
I FEEL A SPECIAL CONNECTION WITH NATURE, OFTEN VERY POWERFUL. I WENT TO KANYAKUMARI. IT IS A BEAUTIFUL PLACE. ESPECIALLY SUNRISE WAS BEAUTIFUL THAT EVERYONE WANTS TO SEE. DURING SUNRISE SUN WAS CAME FROM THE SEA. I FELT LIKE A ORANGE BALL CAME FROM UNDERGROUND AND IT STAND LIKE A PRIDE.
LAST MONTH I WENT NILGIRI HILLS FOR VACATION. ON THAT TIME WE SAW THE FLOWERS NAMED AS "NEELAKURINJI" IT LOOKS REALLY AWESOME AND IT BLOSSOMS ONCE ONLY IN 12 YEARS. I FELT REALLY FORTUNATE TO SAW THAT FLOWER. AND THAT MOMENT I FELT INTENSE BEAUTY IN MY LIFE.
Few days ago i visited my home. It was monsoon season there. Just behind our home, there was a field. It stays usually dry and barren. But on that day, because of monsoon, the land was totally covered with green grasses. They where so bright, lively and comfortable to my eyes. I kept on looking at them and was thinking to go and lay on that fresh green grasses. It was wonderful.
Two months back I went to a flower exhibition which made me to get a beautiful experience
The childhood memories of mine was the beautiful experience of mine. I was 8 years old we went to the tourist spot with my whole family and enjoyed every moment with them .
"Going for trekking 2 years back was a beautiful experience for me.
It was a pleasant experience for me. "
EVERY MEMORY THAT I HAD REMEMBERING.IN MY COLLEGE DAYS I WON THE GOLDMEDAL.THIS IS MY BEAUTY EXPERIENCE.
I hiked to the top of a mountain. It was incredibly beautiful.
The first time I went hiking in Autumn after I moved to Ohio, it was a beautiful experience. I was in the woods among all the changing colors, and I couldn't believe how gorgeous everything was (I grew up in the south where there were no visible changes of season). I was captivated by the yellows, and reds, and browns of the trees around me. I loved the cool air on my skin, and the crunch of leaves under my feet.
I was sitting on the edge of the Li-Jiang (or simply Li) river.  I had been in China for about a week.  I was there for a year to teach English and learn as much as I could about modern Chinese culture.  Large rock peaks shot up out of the ground.  The sun was setting.  The river looked like it was on fire.  Across the river was a wedding with the brdige and groom standing in the water as they wed.  
I was on vacation and went to Tokyo Japan during the cherry blossom season, I remember coming up to a bridge that was completely covered in pink petals and all the trees were in full bloom, you could see koi fish swimming under the bridge and it looked like something you would only see in a movie. I had an overwhelming sense of things not being real just because of how perfect everything looked.
I was listening to a Kpop song by a member of a girl group who had lost two members to a car accident last year. Not only was the singer physically attractive and looked beautiful, but more beautiful was her voice. I remember a time in the song where she sang a sequence of high notes and it made my skin tingle at just how amazing her voice sounded and the power and emotion behind it, it was quite a surprisingly intense experience for me.
I thought about my visit to the Louvre, to the part of the museum dedicated to paintings where there was the Monna Lisa. My fiancee noticed the painting whose puzzle I have had in my room for more than 20 years, and it has been mesmerizing to see the original live.
A moment or experience where I felt intense beauty was when I gazed upon a girl at a beach last month. She was the epitome of beauty and my eyes were so intrigued! Everything about her was perfect and she was so beautiful that it made me a littler nervous.
I was on an island hopping tour in southern Thailand. We came out of a cave in a kayak and saw the most majestic rock formation I have ever seen. It took my breath away. I had never seen anything else like it. I just sat there and stared at it while taking pictures so I would always have the memory. I could feel the breeze on my face, they spray of the water, and the smells of the ocean.
In my hometown there's a road called Barnett Hill. It takes you all the way up to the highest point in town and it's a great place to watch the sunsets during the summer. It's a nice, windy road that winds through the forest until it opens up to a big field on top of the mountain. When my friends and I were younger we would drive up there on the evenings when we could tell the sunset would be great. The light breeze, the sound of the tall grass in the wind, the peepers, and the bright, orange glow of the sun setting, all while in the company of your best friends. It's like a sensory overload. Nights like that were, and will always be, my favorite.
When I visited the Grand Canyon, I was blown away at the epic nature of the site. It was beautiful in colors and scale with the contrast  between the rich orange and reds of the ground to the clearness of the high altitude sky. It was an amazing experience that got more beautiful at night and I was able to see the stars in a way I never had before.
Basically i went to a large cat zoo. I seen some lions that were extremely beautiful. I saw a lot of beauty and was a bit fearful when getting close. I smelled the cats and what comes along with cats. 
When I made it to the top of an 11,000 ft tall mountain.  I hiked from the bottom which was desert all the way to the summit.  The view was breathtaking, I haven't seen anything like it before.  Everything below looked so small and I could see for probably 100 miles.  There were a few wispy clouds flying by as well.
When I first went on a blind date with my now boyfriend he kept saying how beautiful I was and how shocked he was that I was attractive. He complimented me the whole dinner and I felt so good about myself. 
I was hiking on the Fish Creek Falls trail in Colorado during the spring. Snow melt had filled the stream running at the bottom of the mountain and the forest was a symphony of new life. I hiked for some time until I made it high enough that snow still covered the ground. Suddenly, I looked to my left and into a crevasse that must have been 400 feet deep. I was standing right next to the ledge in awe at the incredible distance between myself and the ground. That feeling of being in the presence of something so enormous and the sunlight cascading over the melting snow was one of the most beautiful moments I have ever experienced.
I once saw Kate Uptown in town (metro Detroit) when she was here while dating Justin Verlander and thought how amazing she was. It felt like I saw an angel.
I went to Big Sur in California. I went to one of the areas and entered this park. It was about a mile walk to the beach. When I got there I sat on a big rock on the edge of the pacific ocean and it was absolutely beautiful. It was around 5 pm and the sun was in the perfect spot. The waves were the perfect blue and were crashing onto the rock. There were hardly any people around. It was basically silent and all I could hear was nature around me. I could see the rocks, the ocean, and the cliffs. It was so mesmerizing. I just sat in silence for a long time in breathing in the fresh sea air and appreciating being present in that moment. 
I don't often get my nails done, but this time I wanted to get them done because my friends were coming up to see me from all over the country. So I got this purple nail and it was ombre with white. That same day I also got my hair done as well, nice fresh cut, and nails done. I went home and I started to do my make up. After I was done smoking out the red eyeshadow and doing the final touches of my make up I added some perfume, my harley quinn perfume smelled delicious, and very subtle. I never really wear rings on my finger, but I wanted my fingers to pop since I had my nails done. So, I did one big ring on my index, it was a grey purple alexandrite ring, I also put on the "quarter" rings and the "half" knuckle ring to add a little style to my extreme glamour I was going for. My eyes were intense and popping with bright vibrant red shadows, eye brows snatched. It made me feel really beautiful. Makes me actually think I should do something like that again soon, with my nails and hair.
My beauty experience is when I was going to Mass, while walking to church I saw a cherry blossom tree that looked very beautiful. I took a picture of it and posted it on social media. That was my beauty experience.
It was day of prayer at my college, and we were watching the sunrise — me and my closest friends. We were singing praises and enjoying each other's company, and there was warm tea and donuts and the sunrise was just gorgeous.
When I had my son I decided to give him up for adoption for many reasons. I have 3 very young children and it was just so hard. I was verry nervous to give him up but after I had him,I spent about a hour of alone time with him before i let the adoptive parents come in. When they came in, the joy and thel ove they had on their faces was undescribable. I couldnt have picked a better family for my son. We have a very open adoption.
I visited Montana this past winter, so I feel that my experience seeing the nature out there was a beautiful experience. It was snowing when I was there and it made the environment look gorgeous. I saw deer running around by the sides of roads. I even heard a wolf howl one night while I was there. The natural surroundings where just beautiful. Seeing the snow and the rivers and lakes was incredibly fulfilling. I kinda felt like I was a part of nature and my surroundings. It was a big change from being around the city and seeing vehicles and big buildings everywhere.
My Dad waking myself and my brother up very early in the morning to get ready to go fishing for the opening day of trout season. We had to get up at around 4:00 in the morning so that we could get dressed, eat breakfast and head out to the lake. I remember being extremely excited the night before to the point of not being able to sleep. My brother and I would lay in bed wide awake talking about the upcoming fishing trip. Dad would yell at us to be quiet until finally we drifted off to sleep. Once we were awake it was so exciting to be putting the plans into motion. The excitement was even higher and I was so happy to be heading out. Breakfast was fried potatoes, eggs, bacon and toast. I would eat as quick as lightning because I couldn't wait to get going. After we all had eaten breakfast we then got dressed all the way and got into the old Chevy truck. Everything was loaded and ready to go the night before so we didn't have to worry about that. Sitting in the truck and listening to the Eagles on an 8-track player while looking out into the dark morning pass by. My Dad would always say things to get us even more ready like "We're almost there, get ready boys!" When we arrived at the lake it was somewhat crowded and I was amazed at how many other people were arriving and doing the same thing we were doing. We would help my Dad get the boat in the water and then get in. That shove off from the boat launch was so very exciting to me that I can hardly put it into words. It was still dark out but I could see where the sun would be coming up because a hint of light was showing up on the horizon behind the trees. This created a beautiful scene as the sun slowly rose to bring light to the lake while fog was coming off of the water's surface. After a bit of fumbling around and getting into position we got our poles in the water for some trolling. It didn't even matter if we caught anything (which we did) because the whole experience was amazing. These were the best times of my life. 
I was thinking about the time I graduated from high school. it was very nice. My parents were there and my friends and we all got to celebrate when it was all over.
I went on a 14 mile hike up in the Rocky Mountains beyond the treeline 12,000 ft above sea level. It was incredibly beautiful, I could see for miles and miles. I was probably miles away from any other human. I felt on top of the world, and I felt a connection with humanity and our ancestors. I could hear moose, birds, etc. It was the most beautiful and vast view I had ever seen, it was truly breathtaking.
Last week I observed a mother duck/hen lay on her eggs and the next morning the eggs hatched. Within a few hours of emerging from the egg, the ducklings were up and running around - so cute!
Last week I went trip with my family to park. That was the most memorable moment.In that time have lots of fun between them.
I was on vacation and I was assigned a house with a balcony facing the beach. outside the house were beautiful flowers and tries. as i stood and and watched the sunset, i felt a sense of freedom and loved the smell of the flowers.
I can remember when I saw the Grand Canyon in person when I was younger. It was incredible and I felt in awe of it.
Riding a dirt bike down a mountain rode with the wind and trees around me. Beautiful shadows covered the road and the leaves rustled in the wind.
It was a waterfall that is close to my house. I only seen it a handful of times though because you need to hike pretty far in the woods to see it. Its beautiful though
A few years back I was in Mexico with a friend of mine. We were up all night hanging out and having a great time. We were back in the hotel room and saw that it was getting lighter outside and the sun would be coming up soon. I gave the idea that we should go to the beach and see the sunrise. Man was it gorgeous. There were other people waiting to see it come up too. My friend and I are were in awe of the colors throughout the sky and hearing the sounds of the ocean at the same time made me feel peaceful. I'll never forget that day. 
I was think about being up north in sedona. Walking along oak creek in the summer is beautiful. As you walk up creek you will find little pools that are great for swimming and hanging out it. 
I was out and about the other week doing shopping a stuff in town. Two separate times checking out at the stores I was at, by two separate people, I was complimented on my hair and beard. It made me feel like I actually looked good randomly going about my day.
sitting lake side in the mountains. the lake is surrounded by mountains in Maine/NH. The water is like glass first thing in the morning. ducks paddling by. sun has just come up and the fog is drifting upward from the trees. dead quiet.
The instance that I recalled is the first time I  traveled to Montana. Being from the Midwest where everything is flat and the same, it was such a dramatic experience driving through Montana and just taking in the majesty of the setting. The mountains were beautiful and being in that serene landscape with not many people around was just absolutely breathtaking. It remains one of my most favorite experiences.
The experience that I am thinking about was actually just a really beautiful home, albeit also a ridiculously expensive one. I primarily remember sitting in the living room on a custom-made white sofa with coordinating custom orange and off-white chevron pillows. The room was encased in windows, and to the right of the fireplace was a glass nanawall that looked out onto a pool with a tiered garden area above it, and a waterfall coming down into the pool from that garden area. Adjoining the room was a custom Poggenpohl white kitchen punctuated by an enormous, fully stainless L-shaped island that literally continued outdoors beyond the glass nanawall -- all accented by floor-to-ceiling Ann Sacks embossed tiles. The entire home smelled like a Diptyque candle -- it was either Orange or Pomander, and there was faint music playing in the background. I mostly just remember sort of basking in how absolutely breathtaking it was, and desperately wishing that I lived there. 
When a saw my wife on our wedding day. She looked so beautiful. I can remember the scene as if it were yesterday. In that moment, nothing else mattered. No one else was in the room. I could hear nothing, only see her. 
I was hiking at Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. It was a nice long hike full of typical sites and sounds. But when the trail finally reached the cliffs overlooking the Great Lake Superior it was a sight to behold. The rich colors of the water and their clarity were stunning. Looking down the shoreline at the Pictured Rocks as a back drop to these amazing waters only heightened the experience further. It was all a beautiful sight. It happened to be a picturesque sunny day too. The sky was a deep rich blue with sparse fluffy white clouds. The day was warm but the onshore breeze was cool. It was truly beauty.
The beauty experience I had was when I was younger and I saw this teacher.  She was beautiful and it was my teacher so I saw her every day.  I remember she had a smell of perfume and would always wear a dress.  The classroom was very cool and everything was bright and colorful with motivation type quotes everywhere. 
One experience was when I was in Jamaica. Me and my father went to this cliff side restaurant called Rick's Cafe. It was a phenomenal view, the music was great, the food was good, the entertainment, etc. The weather was extremely warm. You could smell the salt in the sea.
My experience was at Joshua Tree National Park. The surroundings were beautiful. There was beautiful and unique vegetation. It was like nothing I had seen before. It was a beautiful and clear day which also added to the natural beauty of the park.
I have to say the best beauty experience is when I woke up super early when I lived in ohio and looked at the mist over the valley. I just sat there and watched it for about a hour until the sun burned it off. It was the first time i woke up that early and it was just awe inspiring. It was so pretty with the sleepy foothills still cold and wet from the over night rain. It was wonderful. 
I went hiking at a nearbye mountain called Superstition Mountain. To see the city from a high point of view was magnificent. It's like all the little flaws went away and everything was perfect.
It was early in the morning. I was outside my house looking at the mountains. The sun was starting to rise over the mountain. The sky slowly went from dark to a nice morning color. The scene of beauty made me feel humble and small.
The last time I flew on an airplane we had the perfect magic moment shortly after we reached the 33k feet cruising altitude. I had a window seat and when I looked over after we made a turn I had this spectacular view of the Earth. The sun was setting on the other side of the plane, and there were no clouds in the sky. I was able to see far enough out that you could make out the curvature of the horizon. I just had this moment of hearing Carl Sagan's "Pale Blue Dot" speech, and remembering how big and vast and wonderful the universe really is. It was such an amazingly beautiful sight, just what felt like the whole world stretched out for me.
I had a beautiful experience when I first saw my kids just after the deliver. I was having tears in my eyes and it was a very beautiful moment for me.
I saw a woman of extreme beauty, she was like royalty and it moved me. I remember it was a sunny day and it was at a mall. The experience was almost cathartic. 
Whenever I am able to come across my significant other's beauty such as yesterday. I am able to see past any type of flaws, that are positives in my own eyes, that she has in which I can admire her for all that she is. I am able to see the lovely dark brown color of her hair, eyes, shy awkward smile and all that she has to offer. 
I think it was when I went to prom. i was looking fly not for nothing.
I was at the black sand beach in Maui with my wife. The sand there is really remarkable and the surf was crashing loudly. The sun was warm and the sky was blue. We were younger and life was good.
My memory was of when I visited a lake in Japan as a 7 year old. I remember the beautiful fall leaves, the tranquility of the lake, and how pretty the sunset was.
One of the most beautiful things I ever saw was a girl at college. She had blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and a perfect face and face shape. She was the nicest, funniest girl I have ever met. She was on her way to the party and started walking to the other side looking excited and nervous. She also had her hair down, not a bad thing. She didn't talk much of anything and when she spoke, it was with barely a whisper. She didn't talk to anyone. As she turned her eyes towards me, I could see how nervous she was.
I was thinking about when I went to Yellowstone National Park and saw all that is there. The animals and the beauty of nature that is at least somewhat untouched by people. The mountains and forests that just seem to go on for miles.
My beauty experience was getting married to my wife. This was an amazing experience to have and felt amazing to be with my wife and my family together. 
I watched Avatar on IMAX with 3D stuff. It was like watching a live action painting tell a story over hours. It's stunning beauty, and story drew me in, and kept me intensely interested and in awe until the credits rolled. It was an awesome experience.
I'm thinking about the time I hiked the Grand Canyon. It started just before sunrise so not scenic or beautiful except for the fading stars as sunrise came up. When the sun did come up it was absolutely beautiful and illuminated the canyon rocks and walls with a glowing kind of warm light that I'd never seen before. Continuing my hike each scenic overlook just seemed more beautiful and awe inspiring than the last. The scene was one of magic and wonder. A kind of beauty that in my experience I only find in nature.
It was the day my son was born. It was the moment when it hit me that my life had changed and it was for the better. Seeing him come into the world and thinking about how he was my little guy and I would get to see him as he goes through life and experiences everything that makes us human was a beautiful thing. Thinking about it makes me wish I were home so I could see him and give him a big hug.
It was a calm autumn morning. Me and a few friends have finally reached the tallest peak in Shenandoah valley. This is the first time and a few friends have ever completed the hike. The view was stunning. Compared to our pollution filled city of washington DC, shenandoah valley is serene, clean, and peaceful. The birds are chirping happily in the background in their nest. The winds rustle just slightly from the weak breeze. The smell of grass and trees is strong, but it's the best perfume from nature.
It was sunny Saturday in Spring. My friends and I went hiking in a unfamiliar mountain. When we climbed to the other side of the mountain. We saw a field with a lot of beautiful flowers. They smelled really good and were very enjoying.
One of the most beautiful moments I've experienced is the birth of my nephew. There was a lot of build up to the day and when he finally arrived he brought a lot of joy. We were all really happy to welcome a new addition to the family. 
A time I had the experience of intense beauty was when I was on vacation at the Bahamas. I've never really been to a tropical place before, and I've only seen pictures. When I got to the resort, there was a long beach of white sand and clear water. The air wasn't particularly heavy as I would have thought. It was completely sunny with only a few clouds in the sky. The horizon had some islands poking out.
I was smelling a rose my mom brought me for my birthday. The smell was so deep and wonderful. I felt like I had been missing out so much on life when I smelled it.
It was the birth of my son.  I was worried as my wife had a C-section.  I remembered the smell of the room, but when she was cut open and my son came out it was the most beautiful thing ever.  I heard his first cry and it brought tears of joy to my eyes.  As I was allowed to hold him I drunk in his smell, his feel and his beauty.
I had experience beautiful thing when I first time had a sex.
I want to preface this by saying I am not a cat lover by any means. However, I was in a quaint boutique in a small tourist town several years ago. While I was there I saw the most beautiful cat I have ever seen. I couldn't keep my eyes off of it. I had never seen a cat with such gorgeous blue eyes. I believe it may have been a Himalayan Persian cat. Its coat was stunning, long-haired, soft, and combed smooth. I forgot all about shopping in this store, and  just wanted to look at the cat. It had all the regular characteristics of a cat, aloof and uncaring. But after seeing that cat, I could see myself owning one. I have never forgotten it. No, I've never gotten a cat, but if I did, it would definitely be similar to that beautiful animal.
i was at the park one day and it was beautiful there it smelled like summer and i felt happiness and i was very happy with the way that day was going and it looked clear and the sun was out and it was a a beautiful experience.
I think that the most beautiful thing in the world that I remember is a ruby. The deep red color is nicer than a diamond. It's amazing that it's a natural phenomenon. Nothing is more eye-catching.
I can't remember the exact name of the beach but it was a beach in North Carolina on the coast. I remember a ex boyfriend of mine took me there when I was 18. The wave's were crashing on the rocks down below (we were on a boardwalk) and the sky was extremely beautiful. The sun was setting and I remember seeing crabs on the beach. Not only was that one of the most memorable settings I've ever seen, It was also one of the most romantic.
A beautiful memory I have is fishing with my grandfather
The moment i first saw my dog,when it was a puppy. It was the most precious thing I've ever seen. from her cute little paws to her big floppy ears. her wagging little tail and that signature "puppy smell". It was love at first sight!
A memory that I think about a lot , espeically during the holidays, is from one of my first years working as a nurse. It was Christmas eve and I was taking care of a baby, maybe 3 or 4 months old, born prematurely and requiring a ventilator. His grandmother hadn't been able to meet the baby yet, but was in town for the holidays. I put him into her arms for the first time, and she wasn't even fazed by all the cords and tubes, she just wanted to hold her grandson so badly. She sent the exhausted parents home to rest and have dinner and spent the whole evening holding and rocking and singing to that little baby.
the beautiful experience i pictured is when me and my husband went to oregon to live closer to my mom. she lived on the coast and one day we all went to the beach as a family and i sat with my husband and watched my mom play with my son by the water. not only was the scene beautiful but i have a beautiful memory of my son and my mother together.
Well, my thought was when I woke up, I went to breakfast and my family was sharing together
I was in a Las Vegas casino to see a show with some friends When we were walking to the entrance, Rihanna was walking past us a gorgeous low -cut gown. Everything was on point and she smelled like butterscotch and lilies.
It was when I celebrated my birthday last year. I was gorgeous on that day.
Me and my partner hiked up a very beautiful trail to the top of a mountain.  At the top of the mountain was a beautiful garden and grassy field.  We could feel the cool mountain breeze and smell the air, which was fragrant with blooming flowers.  I could hear the wind rustling the grass and trees, and birds were chirping.  The sky was blue and populated with fluffy white clouds.  The view was amazing and we could look into the valley and see the surrounding hills and mountains.  There was a gazebo built there and we went and just sat in it for a while and talked and looked at the scenery.  It was a very nice time to spend with my best friend.
My experience came when watching a tv show called I am the night.  It had an actress named India Eisley in it who played Fauna Hodel.  I have not seen such a beautiful actor in a long time.  I looked forward to each episode and found her extremely well gifted at acting.  I was sad to see the show end and looked to see what else she is going to be in so I can watch the older things and ones coming up.  I am definitely a fan of her beautiful acting.
I was recently at the MET museum in New York  in which i was able to see statues and art pieces by established artists in history. I was captivated with the layout of the museum in which all corridors and sections had a distinct theme to it. I remember seeing distinct glass displays that are crafted with such unique styling to best present the art pieces that sit on top of them. I felt as if i was in the presence of millions of dollars worth of curated artwork and history surrounding me every corner.
My grandparents lived on the eastern shore of Virginia. There home was near the highway, but the large, several acre backyard overlooked farmland and backroads. My memory was of waking up early with my Grandfather and feeding the Canadian geese in the pond of a neighbor's farm. The geese would sleep there overnight, eat, and then take off. This flock probably was 50 strong. It was quite the spectacle to hear and watch them take off to go about their daily business, which I always imagined included attacking innocent bystanders. They never attacked us though. Maybe because we were the ones keeping them fat. 
it was on vacation in the middle of the jungle, it was at one of these resorts in latin america that was up in the mountains and you could actually touch the clouds . It was such a beauty and serenity that i cannot really explain. Everything felt so peaceful and so clean and fresh up there. It felt like i never want to leave and want to live up there forever and not come back down to reality
I remember the day my son was born. I remember feeling as if the world slowed down for a minute the first time I saw him. I remember him looking at me and respond to the sound of my voice. I remember his first little cries as he was welcomed into the world and how shocking the bright light must've been. I can recall the stale cool air of the hospital and just holding him and wanting to keep him warm. I am reminded of the smiles of my wife and myself seeming permanent and resolute. I remember his little hand touching my finger and wrapping around it as he figured out who I was. It was a beautiful day despite the blizzard that was happening outside. It is a beautiful memory and one I hope I can recall for the rest of my life.
In my teenage years I took psychedelic mushrooms alone down by the river where I grew up. Seeing the woods and trails I had grown up around and within with new eyes was a transforming experience. The river peacefully wandered by as I sat silently, and the world around me resumed it's business as if I were not there at all. To call it a peaceful experience would be an understatement, the feeling of belonging to the earth has stayed with me to this day.
I woke up one morning and could smell my lilac bushes through the window. It was just barely sunny but still smelled like the rain from the night before. The spring birds were chirping and I was comfortable in my bed. It was just a perfect waking up experience. Perfect temperature. I was rested. Couldn't have been better.
My beauty experience is when my daughter was born. When I first saw her I did not know that something so beautiful could possibly exist. Plus the world just seemed like a much more beautiful place at that moment in time, at least for a little while. Everything was vividly wonderful and happy and beautiful and perfect, all together. 
I was going to a wedding. My cousin, who I grew up with like a brother to me was getting married. I flew out of town to be able to attend. I made sure to pack as much as I could to be able to get through security. I had clothes, hair products and make up. I put as much effort into looking my best. I showed up to the wedding, and everyone was floored. I hadn't seen my family in over a year. To show up looking my best, and receive compliment, made me feel great.
I was camping in Black Mountain, NC.  I remember the supreme beauty of the lake and how serene it was.  I heard some birds whistling around me and the trees blowing in the wind.  I smelled the crisp foliage in the air.  I felt the grass on my feet and the wind blowing in my face.  I also felt the sunlight on my face which was wonderful.  It was like I was aging in reverse it was so tranquil!
Over the past few years, we and others have addressed the question of what neural mechanisms are engaged during aesthetic experiences, and especially during the experience of beauty. In addressing the question, we were inspired by the question posed by the Bell asked whether there is anything common to all objects that are experienced as beautiful or that arouse the aesthetic emotion. Translating this into neural terms we, likewise, sought to understand whether there is a common brain system in which activity correlates with the experience of beauty.
When I went to visit Ireland. There was a rainy cold day but we went over near an old cliff by the ocean. It looked so beautiful in the rain and it was absolutely stunning.
I had a beautiful experience when I retired from my office. All the staff members and co-workers gave me a treat and we cut a cake too for my retirement. It was a proud moment for me.
My beauty experience would have to be three experiences because I can't pick which of my children's births was the most beautiful. Each one took on a whole new meaning of beauty for me and triumphed over the last one in terms of seeing the world as endless possibilities. Beauty isn't just visual representation, but the feelings one has while the moment is happening. I had each of my children without the use of drugs, so I remember each one vividly. My oldest child came into the world surrounded by family, and we celebrated her life as she granted us with her presence. My middle child nearly died during the birthing process and was the most difficult birth out of the three, but he was also the most rewarding in that sense and truly defined beauty as life blessed upon my family. My youngest child was the easiest and quickest birth, and she came into the world full of grace. A child's birth is always beautiful, despite any good or bad experiences. 
I was on the beach in Jamaica with my boyfriend. We watched as the waves crashed while the sun was setting. The way the sun was reflecting off of the ocean was so beautiful. The water was the perfect shade of blue. The air smelt crisp, clean, and like an ocean - my favorite smell. Everyone around us was nice. We enjoyed eachother's company while watching the beautiful live painting in front of us. 