I remember being on the edge of a stunning green-leafed forest-in long soft grass-overlooking a golden cornfield dotted with crimson splashes of poppies-with me was my soulmate-her black raven hair and porcelain skin-so much in love we just melted together-a perfect moment a perfect time--little did I know 2 days later she would be dead-so this memory is so beautiful to me--- I can still feel and see the field/forest
I was  bridesmaid at my brothers wedding. It was in a mirrored room filled with white roses and all our family and friends. The roses filled the room with a beautiful scent and the sun shine through the window. I was wearing a beautiful lavender floor length gown with my hair flowing down my back and felt so confident and happy. My makeup had been professionally some and I had contact lenses instead of my regular glasses. I felt more beautiful than I ever have (although the bride was a million times more beautiful) Thinking back on the occasion fills me with pride and joy.
Beauty is always looking too good our body. Monthly I go to spa. Truly's concierge can help you find the perfect experience, for any occasion.I go for waxing and facials, and come out feeling great, a new me, my skin glows, and i feel good. you,ve got to give it a go, I've watched the girls doing nails, and wow the finished results are great. and they have special offers too.
Once i join a online job. i am very happy to get this job. i went to this job. here i am meeting with some friends. i am so glad to meet them. here i am also meet with some one special who is my love of life. we are made for each other. and i wish we live always together.
When i was 15 years my father took me and my sisters on holiday in madagascar. We took a boat to this island and it was so beautiful there was blue water and blue skies. That was the best place I have ever been in my life we spent all our time playing on the beach collecting sea shells and enjoying the clear water. And you could just walk out from one of the hotel entrance and jump straight into the water, that was the best.
When meeting my girlfriend for the first time. I remember seeing her face and instantly thinking, you are so beautiful. I started dancing with her the music was loud but all i listened to was her soft voice. We got closer and i smelt her fruity perfume she had on.
It was a summers day, I was feeling a bit jaded since I was having trouble in my dating life at that time, then I saw my date walking towards me. She was wearing a long red dress, big smile, and was absolutely gorgeous. It felt like time had stopped. I knew at moment in time, I had to be with her.
The sunrise below was clicked from my hotel balcony in Shimla. The sun can be seen rising behind the hills. It was clicked during late November, so the valley beneath was covered in fog and mist which slowly subsided once the Sun appeared on the horizon. The unique thing about this sunrise is the sun-rays which can be distinctly seen.The other photograph is about the sunset clicked during my trip to Hampi. While I was walking through the banks of river Tungabhadra towards the ferry ghat, my gaze went towards the sun which was about to set. I must admit that the sun looked quite bigger than any other sunsets I had seen. The ruins of Hampi in the front made it a perfect backdrop
"I was jogging at the San Francisco Marina back in 1988 I think it was and I saw Robin Williams sitting in the side of his van just chillin'. I said, "How you doin' Mr. Williams?" He said, "I'm doing great, you running from the cops?" I laughed and stopped to chat with him for about 5 minutes. He was absolutely delightful. Such a fond memory. I wept when I heard he died."
I was amazed when my spouse and I visited Bodnant garden in Wales for the first time. I still remember how massive the place was with so many beautiful flowers that would really captivate your eyes. The garden has so many things to see, it's endless. From its beautiful manicured-lawn and gorgeous terraces to their beautiful collections of flowers and plants all over the world. I've always loved gardening so going there was like my heaven on earth. The smell of the flowers and its beauty were just so amazing that I didn't want to leave the place. It was such an amazing moment for me that I would never forget.
"Early mornings and their sunrise are quite special. You have to learn to appreciate them. You often forget what it’s like to wake up early and just sit back and enjoy the moment of a fresh start of the day. You try to stay in bed as long as possible, because you don’t want to get out in the cold. When you finally manage to get out of bed, you’re too busy preparing yourself to get ready for work. When you don’t have to work, you tend to sleep in until the day has almost passed halfway.I hate waking up during the week as well, especially on work days during Winter. But in Summertime I love to wake up early with the birds and enjoy the beautiful sunrise. I have to admit that in the city it isn’t always easy. The sunrise is often hidden behind another building or a tree. But still you can experience the silence of the world that is still waking up. You can hear the birds and feel as if the night swiped away all the bad things and the new day will bring something positive.
Walking in the Lake District in the UK the first time. At the top of one of the hills I could see for miles across a lake situated between more rolling hills. It was a lovely clear day and the view was magnificent, with trees on either side and a warm summer's breeze carrying the scent of nature. On the lake I could see some boats and people having fun.
Taking my dog to the park for the first time.  It was a lovely summer day, the birds where singing and the sound of the river tinkling.  Laughing as my new dog discovered he could swim and was bounding in and out of the water.  The smell of newly mown grass was apparent.
Few years ago I went on holidays to a different continent (my first holiday out of Europe) and when I arrived there and went to the beach it was absolutely breathtaking, like something you only see in movies. I could see the waves hitting against the shore, the water was clearer than I have ever seen before. The beach was sandy and soft under my feet and the water really warm. I could hear the sound of the waves. It was truly breathtaking and so much different than anything else I ever experienced before, I felt very close to nature and I could feel how powerful the Earth really is.
I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the books they write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect work of art
I experienced extreme calmness.  My eyes were closed, but my hearing and my sense of smell were heightened.  It was a warm day, a perfect temperature, and the sound was of birdsong, and the smell a slight fragrance of flowers.
Me and my ex-girlfriend live around 15 minutes apart but, i used to go to her house instead of coming to mine. Near her house she has a wooded area which we decided to take a walk up tp on a nice warm day. We walked through the allotments, past little rivers and eventually came to a bridge which came up to a nice hill. We decided to climb it and upon reaching the top we were sat in a little flower field amongst the top of the tree's looking over the town. It was a really nice time and day and a memory i am fond of.
The moment my first child was born and handed to my wife to get skin on skin contact and begin the mother and child bonding process.
It was a day in early March, where it should have been quite cold and damp, but on this particular day it was unusually warm and sunny and bright. I was feeling down in the morning and my sister just said "Right, get up, we're going out". Which is unusual for her anyway as she's not really a commanding person. We put our trainers on and walked to the shop, about 40 minutes away, and we bought some donuts. Neither of us really said anything or planned anything but for some reason we just kept walking. After an hour we ended up at a place called Piggy Dam. It's an old forgotten about stream, with a small bridge crossing it and a tyre swing attached to a tree. Somewhere only locals know, the best kept secret in the village. We sat on the bridge eating the donuts, I could see the early morning sun poking out from behind the tree and glistening on the water. We were so far away from any roads that all I could hear was leaves rustling and the lapping of the water. We just sat in silence, eating our donuts, feeling the warmth on our face. It felt timeless, I felt like a kid again, and the happiest I'd been in a really long time. 
Being at a beautiful beach up the central coast just outside Sydney, watching for whales as the sun started to go down
"I was stood by a sea wall in Ibiza with my daughter who was 20. We decided to make this place our ""happy place"". Somewhere we could mentally retreat to if things were bad in the real world. 
We tasted the tang of the salt air, we saw little waves crashing on rocks, we felt the love between us as I had my arm around her, we heard nothing except the gentle crashing of waves and we smelt the summer air."
I was giving my speech in my prom day.  I was nervous and anxious at the same time as i needed to talk in from of more than 100 people. For a moment  I could not see anything and my listening was blocked but when i started gaining confidence the situation improved, it was beautiful seeing my friends teachers and family listening to me
I was in a boat on the Ganges river at Varanasi at sunrise. The sky was a range of intense colours, some of which I felt I'd never quite seen before, hues of purpley blue and rich, burnt orange. I was feeling tired and my stomach was empty and hungry, as it was early and I hadn't been too well, and along the river bank there were several funeral pyres and the smell of burning incense along with human remains. The intensity was on a number of levels, including an overwhelming sense of mortality, but beauty was clear in the celebration and remembrance of life, along with the awesome sky which covered us all.
The most beautiful moment of my life was when I meet my long distance relationship girlfriend for first-time in real life face to face at Amsterdam airport. It's was so beautiful and special moment for me. I could feel her and touch her and smell her. I could see the beauty in real. That was the most special and beautiful moment to meet her first time and feel her. 
I was on a beautiful beach. The weather was great, the sea was calm and I was happy.
"I remember being by the sea with my friend when it was getting dark. The sun was setting and the moon was rising. The waves sounded more animated as it was getting dark, and the wind was picking up.
The clouds were a glorious hue of orange and red-pink as the sun made its gradual descent to the sea's horizon. The clouds were even more vibrantly so once the sun had disappeared.
We watched the moon rise and reflect beautifully on the water. The moon looked like a light bulb had been turned on. Because where we were was naturally made of limestone, the moon made it look magical and surreal.
It was clearly nighttime, but it was a bright glowy night. I could see most things though it was dark."
Last month I went to Maroon Bells mountains for a vacation, The scenery of the mountain was so beautiful and I saw flowers with different colors and the smell from the place make me so cool. We just took photos of some deer, Bighorn sheep and Pika, And I had a fresh air over there, We had a fire camp at night time and played music and danced for it, This one is a most memorable vacation for me in my life. 
"My life has a lot of memorable moments that it is hard to choose which one to write about. I would have chosen to write about my brother, who had been deployed as a soldier overseas and had come back recently after five years, however the essay would be more about him than me. So, I decide to go with my college graduation that happened recently. The day is still fresh in my mind and I can recollect everything that happened on that fateful day.
We all know how graduation days are important to us and our family members. It is a landmark day that marks the end of a cycle, just like giving birth, exchanging vows on a wedding day and death. Although learning never ends, graduation marks the end of those grueling days we spent reading and internalizing loads of notes just to pass few questions that barely covered even a quarter of the curriculum.
The day of my graduation is one of the best days of my life. On that day I realized that it does not matter where you come from, if you set your mind to do something nothing can stop you. Hard work pays and all dreams are possible. Always remember this: Life is not measured by the amount of breaths you take, but by the moments that take you breath away."
Watching my son play soccer and score 5 goals and win a championship  it was a mild spring weather was very good for playing soccer. At the end of the tournament I was approached by a scout for a professional club who wanted him to play join their team. I felt an immense sense of pride. it was really a good day to remember.  
On a fine rainy day, even today also I can picture it. It was like a dream, I saw my dream girl. She was like angel, she was dancing in rain and whispering something to her friend. She wore white colored dress and moreover it suits her like an angel. From that time, I call her only as angel. Many times, I tried to spoke with her. But at times, it ended up in no success. One day, I was bold enough to propose my love to her. I went and stood in front of her. My heart was pumping forth and back, my blood pressure was high and my eye sight was diminishing when I saw her. It was a new year and I wished her first. Then I gave a teddy bear with heart symbol and left the place. She was stunned and didn't speak anything. The very next day, she came to me and asked why I gave teddy. I replied that I was loving her from the bottom of my heart for the past few months and tried to convey it many times. That's how I proposed her. Even today I can remember how shivering I was when I stood infront of her and proposed. The day I saw her and the day I proposed was the best ever day in my life. One more thing, my love was no success. She rejected me that her parents wont allow her to select a boy by herself. I understood her concern and didn't disturb her after that. But now also, I am loving her and when I get a chance I will go to her father and ask him to marry her to me. 
I climbed a mountain in the sierra nevada in spain. The view was amazing and beautiful I could see the snow capped mountain tops in the distance and the village below. The wind was strong and bracing but the sun was warm. Their was grass under my feet. I could see the hills reaching off into the distance in the other direction.
First time i experienced intense beauty was my marriage.It was a very beautiful memory.I wore a beautiful gown and i looked very pretty and very happy that day.Those decorations around me.My makeup,hair dressing everything was perfect and beautiful.I felt like a proncess.It was a great feeling.
"Bathing elephants in Luang Prabang (Laos) for my 30th birthday, started early in the morning and visited the elephants in the river.

Myself and my wife then fed the elephants including a couple of babies with bananas before taking them to the river to wash them as the sun started to set later in the day, perfect weather, 30 degrees celsius and not a cloud in sight."
The smile and look my girlfriend gave me when I told her she was beautiful for the first time. 
I felt intense beauty when I saw The Bayeux Tapestry on a school trip to Normandy. I was amazed at the beauty of the piece. It's not so much that the actual images are beautiful, it is more the size of the piece, and the intricacy of the work. Actually seeing it felt beautiful because I was so amazed by it, and the setting was beautiful. I felt to lucky to be able to see it and enjoyed Normandy so much. I particularly remember the sunlight on this day, it was a very golden yellow even early in the morning, and the glow made the whole experience much more enchanting.
The most beautiful thing in my life is when I wake up in the morning and see the mountains and I feel alive and very happy to see all that God has created is very nice and comforting to be able to feel it
"It's an old quarry near my childhood home. It's been disused for years and while probably unsafe, it's been reclaimed by nature. There's a forest growing in it, and a lake around part of the edge. You can walk around the top of the quarry and look across the top of it all, or go down into the pit and into the forest. It's usually pretty quiet, sometimes you see young families go to have a look but other than that it's lovely and peaceful. 
I've often gone round to a particular spot near the edge where i'm still safe but you can clearly see the sheer drop and all the trees around. It can get pretty hot up there but it's still comfortably hot, just enough to really enjoy a summers day. I've also been when it's been snowing too. The lake frosts over and I wouldn't dare to walk across it but it's just as peaceful as in summer. 
There's loads of wild plants growing around the place. I couldn't name any of them but there's always this herby warm comforting smell down in the main bit, in the forest. Possibly some wild lavender hidden about. On top the scent is completely different. The air is dry and almost acrid. There's a bog to one side that can bubble from time to time and smells like something has gone off, but the air is dry so the smell doesn't carry"
I went to Wakulla Springs in Florida many years ago. It was a sunny day. The Wakulla Springs is a natural reservation area covered with trees and freshwater bodies. That day, as sunlight were touching leaves, it was creating fancy reflections on its sapphire water. I really found that color of the water body amazing. Many fishes were moving around in that clear water. I could easily see them, sitting a glass-bottom boat, feeling so relaxed in that natural setting.
i was proposed to, at the beach. it was a warm summers evening, we had just had dinner with my family and went to the beach. it smelt like the sea side and fun. it was warm and the sun was setting. there were a few people around and a dog. it was perfect
Camping with my daughter, the sound of cows moo'in in a field or two away, the light crackle of the fire , whilst my daughter ran around between the long grass giggling and then on to shorter grass kicking a ball and throwing a frizbee.
It was Christmas day, I dont relly "do" Christmas so take my German Shepherd for a walk on a golf course which is of course deserted that day. This was a warmish day for December and the course was so green and whilst some trees had shed their leaves others were still in bloom. I could smell freshly cut grass and my dog was sniffing about very happily. I then looked up and saw a raibow except it wssnt a full one. It was extremely wide and vivid but rather than being a complete arch it was as if somebody had taken a brush, loaded it with colours and slashed it across part of the sky - it looked just like a perfect stroke of colour sitting in the sky. It was breathtaking and I had never seen anything like it nor have i ever since. As it faded, rather than it generally disappearing it started to vanish at each end of the "brush stroke" until the two ends sort of met in the middle and it was gone.  I was so hypnotised by how bright and loud the colours were and the width of each individual one, I totally forgot to take a photo but the image is, three years later, as vivid in my mind as a few seconds after it had gone, such was its beauty.
for me , i am very shy type to speak with girls, while i am going to college , the girls used to interact with me, but i used to avoid, like that my college life was going on, meanwhile on the 2nd day itself i was sighting a girl with a look of a village, she used to note me down and share with few friends , like that 1 semester gone, and then the second sem started , she too involved with me and interested in me ,, such that my life was in quite doubtful condition, but i am very confident in my heart that , i can live with her and we both shall marry like that, i was cent percent sure, and 2nd sem over at the end of 3rd sem my confident slightly up and down , as same as my thought, her family was about to marry her with the another guy, when i heard this i was mentally disturbed and broken brutally, i cried a lot , felt a lot, all shattered in a second, and she married, i went with lot of....... and drunked for the first time and vomitted, and little by little i came out of that , and now she is blessed with a baby girl. when i look back , this was the beauty thing for me
It was an almond tree.the fruit colors both tge ripe and the unripe sat beautifully in between the leaves.the smell of the leaves is so intoxicating 
saw a kingfisher bird in the wild, standing on a small branch over a stream in a beautiful setting.
I went to a butterfly house inside the zoo. It was a grey day but inside the house the heat was tropical and there were brightly coloured plants everywhere. All around me were hundreds of different butterflies - from small bright ones to large fuzzy moths, and glasswings eating mangoes. I was able to watch them on the leaves and the fruit, and one landed on my hand and tickled me. 
Waking up in my tent in the morning, unzipping the door and looking out onto a Scottish loch at sunrise. The air was crisp and fresh, the dew on the grass giving it a natural smell. I felt well rested and at peace, excited to get up and to be alive. 
"I am sat on a bench upon a moderately high cliff in Devon. It's early September and the weather is warm but with a slight nip in the breeze that tells of Autumn coming. The bench is warm underneath me because it has been in the sun: it's made of wood and is worn down from generations of people sitting in the exact spot I am in now. I am looking out to sea. 

In front of me is grass which has been recently cut but is lush and gree. It is contrasting with the intense blue of the sea. To the left is a long beach arching out to the sea. The sand is yellow and I can see tiny people walking dogs, making sandcastles and generally relaxing.

I am sat with my husband, but we can't stay for long because we've parked the car on the road behind us without paying for a ticket as we had no change. I wanted to show him the biew because I used to come here as a child. I can feel the sun on my face and I'm looking forward to getting some food together that evening."
the day my son was born, even though the birth was such a struggle because his umbilical cord was wrapped around his neck four times, when I first saw his little face I fell in love. He looked just like his mother, which was weird for a boy. But I love those little lips, especially when they smile.
Giving birth to my son was my beauty experience.Bringing another human being into life is something really beautiful and stunning.Despite of all that difficult moments , the beauty of the moment you will hold the baby is bigger than words. you are not just making babies , it is all about making moms , some wonderful, strong,capable, kind women.when my son was born at first i was confused but after some seconds i thought my heart was going to explode with all that love . 
I saw the bright blue waves crashing against the sandy shore, with the sun glistening on the water. There was the faint sound of water splashing muffled by the sounds of laughter from my friends and strangers sharing the beach. The sky was cloudless and looked endless. The scent of fish and seaweed was no longer apparent for this moment as my senses were overwhelmed by the beauty of my surroundings. 
Last year On the 1st of December. My course mates and I went for a Plum night at a club to have a pre-graduation party because we were to graduate on the 3rd of December. While the party went On, we were told surprisingly that awards would be given in few minutes time. I was surprised because I wasn't aware they were going to give awards at the party. The time for the award giving clicked and we all sat to watch who would be awarded. They call few persons out and awarded them. I felt happy for them because they were my friends too. After giving some awards, the person giving the awards called out for me and gave me a beauty award. I was so excited. 
i was visiting a national park to view a famous waterfall. We left early to see it alone. When we arrived there was a wild deer drinking from the water not too far from the waterfall. The sun had just come up. The smell was of fresh water and grass. The deer was absolute perfection. pure beauty. 
Standing with my partner in the evening on a hot summers day watching the sunset over the ocean. There was a slight breeze in the are which I could feel gently blowing through my hair. I could smell the salt from the sea in the air and was so relaxed and calm. I felt so at ease and for those moments forgot about everything else in life.
The experience that I remembered happened last year on my summer holidays went I went to the isle of Arran (Scotland). After walk around the island I saw the most amazing waterfalls... I felt joy, happiness and peace. It was wonderful.
Flying over the grand canyon in a helicopter is something I will never forget. The size and scale of the canyon is like nothing else I have experienced. I was in complete awe, got quite emotional as well. Didn't want it to end and 30 minutes just flew by.  
I was in Sri Lanka. I heard the beautiful sound of the elephants that stood tall and the sun was shining with a clear sky. the humidity was perfect and the combination of the water and the background noise was unbelievably satisfying. overall it was a beautiful sight to be in.
i won a bet at the last champions league final game in Madrid between Liverpool and Tottenham Fc, it was a happy moment for me because initially before the game i lost my iphone x max, it made my day a bit bad during the game but at the end of the game my heart was lifted from my pains. I got my win the next few days and i got a new phone, I won close to £10,000.
I remember lying on a beach at night with my girlfriend at the time and looking up at the stars which were bright and beautiful. I could hear the sea gently lapping at the shore and the smell of the sea.
My first time visiting the Las Vegas Strip it was amazing, the bright lights, groovy music and people of a different world and culture to what I am used to had me stunned.
when my son was born I remember is well. when he came out and I heard the cry he let out. I cried myself
I was sitting in the cinema and the lion king preview came on. It was in 3D and I could feel the visual elements right in front of me. The grass looked lush and the hair on the lions were so real, I could almost touch it.
It was a day out at Buttermere in the Lake District.  The mountains are beautiful there - they glow red and blueish and there is a lake which we walked beside. It was a gorgeous day, I recall. 
"There's a lot of non-nature experiences to pick from, but my favorite overall has to be when I was a kid. I used to go to an indoor garden now and then, it was free entry so as a kid it was a nice lace to go to get away from home and read.
There were many exotic plants, trees, flowers, as they kept the temperature warm and humid. There were multiple ponds, streams, fountains and waterfalls too, as well as wildlife such as fish, bugs and birds. It was like sitting in a miniature ecosystem. It was stunning to look at, but extremely relaxing also. At one point they'd be open for 24 hours so you could go in and nap if you wanted. The smell was similar to cut grass, or the smell after it's rained outside - very damp, earthy and occasionally like flowers if it was the right time of the year."
I was skiing in Swiss Alps. We got to the top of one on the mountains, and I saw a beautiful mountain range. the weather was sunny so I could see all of the many mountains at once
"I was in America for my first time in grade 12, dreaming since grade 6 to get an international science award at a science fair, years passed a year after year and I tried as hard as I could each year getting rejected and trying again and so on for four years.
On my fifth trial I succeed locally and went to Pennsylvanian,  There I it was amazing I was always happy, sometimes stressed but passed every judge with confidence, smelling fresh air and enjoying smiles of my friends and kind people who did support.
At the ceremony time I sit focused starring with a gaze and awaiting my name with fear, I did see every moment of the past five years I've been dreaming day and night with this. Awards passed and other participants names have been shouted out. Then  I felt disappointed with no more chances for me in my senior year in high school, But at a wired moment, my friend looked at me and suddenly give me a very ward hug shouting out my name ""your naaaaaame"" he said to me. I jumped out seeing noble prize in front, ran out to the stage and hand sharked the professors warmly with a pure smile on my face and an extreme sensation of happiness and pride. Although it was just a fourth award, It was the most beautiful night of my like and a huge source of hope for me till now.
it was a rainy afternoon I was at home and a friend came and invited me to come out so it rained and I did it I agreed, I remember the smell of wet earth and feeling free in the rain
My beautiful experience was my first concert. I went to see my favourite band of all time and I remember crying when I heard my favourite song being played by them. There was the smell of alcohol and sweat in the air but it felt like home, and the booming metal playing was bliss to me. I felt and intense sense of belonging when I was there.
It was during a concert in a historic venue. Could see the sea behind the stage and the iconic buildings surrounding the gardens we were in. The sun was setting in the background as the band was playing. The sky was red.
I was in Santa Monica on holiday with my father and we had rented an old Mustang to use for the two weeks we were there. Given I am from the rather dull bit of England, the west coast of America was rather special, however, I did not expect there to be such beauty as the jetlagged drive through the Hollywood Hills during sunrise
I often would walk down a river near my house, I would walk for about 8 miles. There was this bench that was totally isolated and in an odd place. I can't remember how I found it, but I remember sitting and looking at an incredible view. A lake flourishing with wildlife and hills in the background with a farm on it and a windmill. It was so peaceful and silent, hearing the sounds of just the animals and watching life go by. 
This is one of my fondest memories, and I visit back there when I can. But at this moment I felt the true beauty of the world and at peace with myself and my surroundings. "
The place I was thinking of was Paris, Paris is the most beautiful places I have been to. The architecture is intrigue and visiting the Louvre and looking at the wonders of the art is just too good to be true. One of my fave rout parts of Paris was the Louvre because of the glass pyramid and the upsidown one I ride. Not to mention the Beauty of the Engle tower!
I love animals.And i started petting dogs,cats and parrots.Once i went to Ootacamund,which is located in India . Ootacamund  ,a nice place to reside when you're at too much stressed.At that time i had just gone there with my friends for vacation.On a fine day,we began to start refreshing.,becaause weather seemed pretty amazing(around 14 degree).When we approached towards tea shop,a cat seemed to be standing right there.It seemed to be pretty cute and it was starved like never before.My friends were standing alongside me.I was really wondered that cat came towards me and started licking my shoes.I thought that cats itself had got some frequency in which they seemed to identify the cat lovers(cat lovers usually called as ailurophile).Then i did petting that.It blinked at me and i was so happy.It actually behaved in a such way that i used to get those behaviors from my pet(its name buhlbuhl)either.I bought some chicken for that cat and i fed him afterwards.That cat started eating those chickens and i left that place without distracting it.Because i would feel so sad to leave that stray cat there.So whenever i saw some stray dogs and cats,i used to feed them.that really gives some happiness which i aint even experienced from my friends,colleagues or my parents.I'm still thinking about that cat whether he is good or not.These sort of thing always made me feel stressed.I blame god for making me this much kindheaarted towards animals.This experience would always cherish!!!
we are at the trekking we saw a tree with huge hole where our friends 15 members stood and take a picture the location full of colourful with green moses on the barks of the trees seemed like the trees are wearing a green dress it smell fresh and cold.
"I was walking home, back from my work. I saw a rickshaw stopped opposite to my way. A two years old boy, along with his dad and mum came down off the rickshaw. I could not take my eyes away from the kid as he looked very cute. The man paid the rickshaw puller. Than mum and dad held the kids each hand and started moving away from the rickshaw. As they started walking, the kid started struggling to take his hands off from the mum. His mum held him more tightly and tried to drag him a little bit because the boy was not walking as well. At last after few try, the mum gave up. She left his hand and with a little irritation, she said,- ""What do you want?"" As his on hand was free, the little boy looked back to the rickshaw driver, smiled and said,- "" Bye, bye, uncle."" Only, at that point, we realized that he only wanted to free his hand so that he could say 'bye bye' to the rickshaw driver.
This happened in Nepal, where, lower income, poor people barely get respect from the adults. And that little boy simply touched my heart by showing how kids innocently equalize this world irrespective of colour, citizen, language, wealth or race. How easily they can make people smile.
CHILDREN ARE AMAZING!!"
A vacation to Paris with family and friends which include tour around the capital and trying out different things like French delicacy and getting to know different places, meet different people, try to learn French too
It was a beatifuly daya with clear blue azure sky, unusuall becuase here it normally rains. The evidence of it having rained for a long time and very heavily was everywhere to be seen as waterfalls pooured off the steep mountain sides into the seas below. In the 2-deck cruise vessel below we exeperiences the waterfall spray and got close enough to see the stunning luxuriance of the temperate rain forests that lined the inlet. The excited but quiet chatter of the Japanese and Korean tourists added to the sense of well-being in this extraordinary paradise we found ourselves - fully excpecting it to be low-cloud, poor visibility experience.  
When the spring starts, there are some trees that turn pink (my favorite color) they look almost like Japanese cherry blossoms (which I've always wanted to see in person) so, Everytime they appear, I'm so amazed by its beauty, it brings me joy and peace, not only that tree although I'm in love with it, but all the other trees turn beautiful and the birds start chirping again, I love the sense of spring beginning
It was when I visited the Golden Bridge in San Francisco, California. It was the first time I've been there as a tourist so everything is foreign to me, and seeing the massive scale of the bridge with my own eyes left me speechless. Walking on the bridge, I felt the salty smell of the ocean, the windy blew through my arms, and there are also other tourists walking beside me. In the background is the sound of cars driving past the bridge as well. When I walked to the middle of the bridge, I also saw what I think is a whale coming to the water surface, it was everything I asked for in my trip to SF.