I hiked to the top of a mountain. It was incredibly beautiful.
The first time I went hiking in Autumn after I moved to Ohio, it was a beautiful experience. I was in the woods among all the changing colors, and I couldn't believe how gorgeous everything was (I grew up in the south where there were no visible changes of season). I was captivated by the yellows, and reds, and browns of the trees around me. I loved the cool air on my skin, and the crunch of leaves under my feet.
I was sitting on the edge of the Li-Jiang (or simply Li) river.  I had been in China for about a week.  I was there for a year to teach English and learn as much as I could about modern Chinese culture.  Large rock peaks shot up out of the ground.  The sun was setting.  The river looked like it was on fire.  Across the river was a wedding with the brdige and groom standing in the water as they wed.  
I was on vacation and went to Tokyo Japan during the cherry blossom season, I remember coming up to a bridge that was completely covered in pink petals and all the trees were in full bloom, you could see koi fish swimming under the bridge and it looked like something you would only see in a movie. I had an overwhelming sense of things not being real just because of how perfect everything looked.
I was listening to a Kpop song by a member of a girl group who had lost two members to a car accident last year. Not only was the singer physically attractive and looked beautiful, but more beautiful was her voice. I remember a time in the song where she sang a sequence of high notes and it made my skin tingle at just how amazing her voice sounded and the power and emotion behind it, it was quite a surprisingly intense experience for me.
I thought about my visit to the Louvre, to the part of the museum dedicated to paintings where there was the Monna Lisa. My fiancee noticed the painting whose puzzle I have had in my room for more than 20 years, and it has been mesmerizing to see the original live.
A moment or experience where I felt intense beauty was when I gazed upon a girl at a beach last month. She was the epitome of beauty and my eyes were so intrigued! Everything about her was perfect and she was so beautiful that it made me a littler nervous.
I was on an island hopping tour in southern Thailand. We came out of a cave in a kayak and saw the most majestic rock formation I have ever seen. It took my breath away. I had never seen anything else like it. I just sat there and stared at it while taking pictures so I would always have the memory. I could feel the breeze on my face, they spray of the water, and the smells of the ocean.
In my hometown there's a road called Barnett Hill. It takes you all the way up to the highest point in town and it's a great place to watch the sunsets during the summer. It's a nice, windy road that winds through the forest until it opens up to a big field on top of the mountain. When my friends and I were younger we would drive up there on the evenings when we could tell the sunset would be great. The light breeze, the sound of the tall grass in the wind, the peepers, and the bright, orange glow of the sun setting, all while in the company of your best friends. It's like a sensory overload. Nights like that were, and will always be, my favorite.
When I visited the Grand Canyon, I was blown away at the epic nature of the site. It was beautiful in colors and scale with the contrast  between the rich orange and reds of the ground to the clearness of the high altitude sky. It was an amazing experience that got more beautiful at night and I was able to see the stars in a way I never had before.
Basically i went to a large cat zoo. I seen some lions that were extremely beautiful. I saw a lot of beauty and was a bit fearful when getting close. I smelled the cats and what comes along with cats. 
When I made it to the top of an 11,000 ft tall mountain.  I hiked from the bottom which was desert all the way to the summit.  The view was breathtaking, I haven't seen anything like it before.  Everything below looked so small and I could see for probably 100 miles.  There were a few wispy clouds flying by as well.
When I first went on a blind date with my now boyfriend he kept saying how beautiful I was and how shocked he was that I was attractive. He complimented me the whole dinner and I felt so good about myself. 
I was hiking on the Fish Creek Falls trail in Colorado during the spring. Snow melt had filled the stream running at the bottom of the mountain and the forest was a symphony of new life. I hiked for some time until I made it high enough that snow still covered the ground. Suddenly, I looked to my left and into a crevasse that must have been 400 feet deep. I was standing right next to the ledge in awe at the incredible distance between myself and the ground. That feeling of being in the presence of something so enormous and the sunlight cascading over the melting snow was one of the most beautiful moments I have ever experienced.
I once saw Kate Uptown in town (metro Detroit) when she was here while dating Justin Verlander and thought how amazing she was. It felt like I saw an angel.
I went to Big Sur in California. I went to one of the areas and entered this park. It was about a mile walk to the beach. When I got there I sat on a big rock on the edge of the pacific ocean and it was absolutely beautiful. It was around 5 pm and the sun was in the perfect spot. The waves were the perfect blue and were crashing onto the rock. There were hardly any people around. It was basically silent and all I could hear was nature around me. I could see the rocks, the ocean, and the cliffs. It was so mesmerizing. I just sat in silence for a long time in breathing in the fresh sea air and appreciating being present in that moment. 
I don't often get my nails done, but this time I wanted to get them done because my friends were coming up to see me from all over the country. So I got this purple nail and it was ombre with white. That same day I also got my hair done as well, nice fresh cut, and nails done. I went home and I started to do my make up. After I was done smoking out the red eyeshadow and doing the final touches of my make up I added some perfume, my harley quinn perfume smelled delicious, and very subtle. I never really wear rings on my finger, but I wanted my fingers to pop since I had my nails done. So, I did one big ring on my index, it was a grey purple alexandrite ring, I also put on the "quarter" rings and the "half" knuckle ring to add a little style to my extreme glamour I was going for. My eyes were intense and popping with bright vibrant red shadows, eye brows snatched. It made me feel really beautiful. Makes me actually think I should do something like that again soon, with my nails and hair.
My beauty experience is when I was going to Mass, while walking to church I saw a cherry blossom tree that looked very beautiful. I took a picture of it and posted it on social media. That was my beauty experience.
It was day of prayer at my college, and we were watching the sunrise — me and my closest friends. We were singing praises and enjoying each other's company, and there was warm tea and donuts and the sunrise was just gorgeous.
When I had my son I decided to give him up for adoption for many reasons. I have 3 very young children and it was just so hard. I was verry nervous to give him up but after I had him,I spent about a hour of alone time with him before i let the adoptive parents come in. When they came in, the joy and thel ove they had on their faces was undescribable. I couldnt have picked a better family for my son. We have a very open adoption.
I visited Montana this past winter, so I feel that my experience seeing the nature out there was a beautiful experience. It was snowing when I was there and it made the environment look gorgeous. I saw deer running around by the sides of roads. I even heard a wolf howl one night while I was there. The natural surroundings where just beautiful. Seeing the snow and the rivers and lakes was incredibly fulfilling. I kinda felt like I was a part of nature and my surroundings. It was a big change from being around the city and seeing vehicles and big buildings everywhere.
My Dad waking myself and my brother up very early in the morning to get ready to go fishing for the opening day of trout season. We had to get up at around 4:00 in the morning so that we could get dressed, eat breakfast and head out to the lake. I remember being extremely excited the night before to the point of not being able to sleep. My brother and I would lay in bed wide awake talking about the upcoming fishing trip. Dad would yell at us to be quiet until finally we drifted off to sleep. Once we were awake it was so exciting to be putting the plans into motion. The excitement was even higher and I was so happy to be heading out. Breakfast was fried potatoes, eggs, bacon and toast. I would eat as quick as lightning because I couldn't wait to get going. After we all had eaten breakfast we then got dressed all the way and got into the old Chevy truck. Everything was loaded and ready to go the night before so we didn't have to worry about that. Sitting in the truck and listening to the Eagles on an 8-track player while looking out into the dark morning pass by. My Dad would always say things to get us even more ready like "We're almost there, get ready boys!" When we arrived at the lake it was somewhat crowded and I was amazed at how many other people were arriving and doing the same thing we were doing. We would help my Dad get the boat in the water and then get in. That shove off from the boat launch was so very exciting to me that I can hardly put it into words. It was still dark out but I could see where the sun would be coming up because a hint of light was showing up on the horizon behind the trees. This created a beautiful scene as the sun slowly rose to bring light to the lake while fog was coming off of the water's surface. After a bit of fumbling around and getting into position we got our poles in the water for some trolling. It didn't even matter if we caught anything (which we did) because the whole experience was amazing. These were the best times of my life. 
I was thinking about the time I graduated from high school. it was very nice. My parents were there and my friends and we all got to celebrate when it was all over.
I went on a 14 mile hike up in the Rocky Mountains beyond the treeline 12,000 ft above sea level. It was incredibly beautiful, I could see for miles and miles. I was probably miles away from any other human. I felt on top of the world, and I felt a connection with humanity and our ancestors. I could hear moose, birds, etc. It was the most beautiful and vast view I had ever seen, it was truly breathtaking.
Last week I observed a mother duck/hen lay on her eggs and the next morning the eggs hatched. Within a few hours of emerging from the egg, the ducklings were up and running around - so cute!
Last week I went trip with my family to park. That was the most memorable moment.In that time have lots of fun between them.
I was on vacation and I was assigned a house with a balcony facing the beach. outside the house were beautiful flowers and tries. as i stood and and watched the sunset, i felt a sense of freedom and loved the smell of the flowers.
I can remember when I saw the Grand Canyon in person when I was younger. It was incredible and I felt in awe of it.
Riding a dirt bike down a mountain rode with the wind and trees around me. Beautiful shadows covered the road and the leaves rustled in the wind.
It was a waterfall that is close to my house. I only seen it a handful of times though because you need to hike pretty far in the woods to see it. Its beautiful though
A few years back I was in Mexico with a friend of mine. We were up all night hanging out and having a great time. We were back in the hotel room and saw that it was getting lighter outside and the sun would be coming up soon. I gave the idea that we should go to the beach and see the sunrise. Man was it gorgeous. There were other people waiting to see it come up too. My friend and I are were in awe of the colors throughout the sky and hearing the sounds of the ocean at the same time made me feel peaceful. I'll never forget that day. 
I was think about being up north in sedona. Walking along oak creek in the summer is beautiful. As you walk up creek you will find little pools that are great for swimming and hanging out it. 
I was out and about the other week doing shopping a stuff in town. Two separate times checking out at the stores I was at, by two separate people, I was complimented on my hair and beard. It made me feel like I actually looked good randomly going about my day.
sitting lake side in the mountains. the lake is surrounded by mountains in Maine/NH. The water is like glass first thing in the morning. ducks paddling by. sun has just come up and the fog is drifting upward from the trees. dead quiet.
The instance that I recalled is the first time I  traveled to Montana. Being from the Midwest where everything is flat and the same, it was such a dramatic experience driving through Montana and just taking in the majesty of the setting. The mountains were beautiful and being in that serene landscape with not many people around was just absolutely breathtaking. It remains one of my most favorite experiences.
The experience that I am thinking about was actually just a really beautiful home, albeit also a ridiculously expensive one. I primarily remember sitting in the living room on a custom-made white sofa with coordinating custom orange and off-white chevron pillows. The room was encased in windows, and to the right of the fireplace was a glass nanawall that looked out onto a pool with a tiered garden area above it, and a waterfall coming down into the pool from that garden area. Adjoining the room was a custom Poggenpohl white kitchen punctuated by an enormous, fully stainless L-shaped island that literally continued outdoors beyond the glass nanawall -- all accented by floor-to-ceiling Ann Sacks embossed tiles. The entire home smelled like a Diptyque candle -- it was either Orange or Pomander, and there was faint music playing in the background. I mostly just remember sort of basking in how absolutely breathtaking it was, and desperately wishing that I lived there. 
When a saw my wife on our wedding day. She looked so beautiful. I can remember the scene as if it were yesterday. In that moment, nothing else mattered. No one else was in the room. I could hear nothing, only see her. 
I was hiking at Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. It was a nice long hike full of typical sites and sounds. But when the trail finally reached the cliffs overlooking the Great Lake Superior it was a sight to behold. The rich colors of the water and their clarity were stunning. Looking down the shoreline at the Pictured Rocks as a back drop to these amazing waters only heightened the experience further. It was all a beautiful sight. It happened to be a picturesque sunny day too. The sky was a deep rich blue with sparse fluffy white clouds. The day was warm but the onshore breeze was cool. It was truly beauty.
The beauty experience I had was when I was younger and I saw this teacher.  She was beautiful and it was my teacher so I saw her every day.  I remember she had a smell of perfume and would always wear a dress.  The classroom was very cool and everything was bright and colorful with motivation type quotes everywhere. 
One experience was when I was in Jamaica. Me and my father went to this cliff side restaurant called Rick's Cafe. It was a phenomenal view, the music was great, the food was good, the entertainment, etc. The weather was extremely warm. You could smell the salt in the sea.
My experience was at Joshua Tree National Park. The surroundings were beautiful. There was beautiful and unique vegetation. It was like nothing I had seen before. It was a beautiful and clear day which also added to the natural beauty of the park.
I have to say the best beauty experience is when I woke up super early when I lived in ohio and looked at the mist over the valley. I just sat there and watched it for about a hour until the sun burned it off. It was the first time i woke up that early and it was just awe inspiring. It was so pretty with the sleepy foothills still cold and wet from the over night rain. It was wonderful. 
I went hiking at a nearbye mountain called Superstition Mountain. To see the city from a high point of view was magnificent. It's like all the little flaws went away and everything was perfect.
It was early in the morning. I was outside my house looking at the mountains. The sun was starting to rise over the mountain. The sky slowly went from dark to a nice morning color. The scene of beauty made me feel humble and small.
The last time I flew on an airplane we had the perfect magic moment shortly after we reached the 33k feet cruising altitude. I had a window seat and when I looked over after we made a turn I had this spectacular view of the Earth. The sun was setting on the other side of the plane, and there were no clouds in the sky. I was able to see far enough out that you could make out the curvature of the horizon. I just had this moment of hearing Carl Sagan's "Pale Blue Dot" speech, and remembering how big and vast and wonderful the universe really is. It was such an amazingly beautiful sight, just what felt like the whole world stretched out for me.
I had a beautiful experience when I first saw my kids just after the deliver. I was having tears in my eyes and it was a very beautiful moment for me.
I saw a woman of extreme beauty, she was like royalty and it moved me. I remember it was a sunny day and it was at a mall. The experience was almost cathartic. 
Whenever I am able to come across my significant other's beauty such as yesterday. I am able to see past any type of flaws, that are positives in my own eyes, that she has in which I can admire her for all that she is. I am able to see the lovely dark brown color of her hair, eyes, shy awkward smile and all that she has to offer. 
I think it was when I went to prom. i was looking fly not for nothing.
I was at the black sand beach in Maui with my wife. The sand there is really remarkable and the surf was crashing loudly. The sun was warm and the sky was blue. We were younger and life was good.
My memory was of when I visited a lake in Japan as a 7 year old. I remember the beautiful fall leaves, the tranquility of the lake, and how pretty the sunset was.
One of the most beautiful things I ever saw was a girl at college. She had blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and a perfect face and face shape. She was the nicest, funniest girl I have ever met. She was on her way to the party and started walking to the other side looking excited and nervous. She also had her hair down, not a bad thing. She didn't talk much of anything and when she spoke, it was with barely a whisper. She didn't talk to anyone. As she turned her eyes towards me, I could see how nervous she was.
I was thinking about when I went to Yellowstone National Park and saw all that is there. The animals and the beauty of nature that is at least somewhat untouched by people. The mountains and forests that just seem to go on for miles.
My beauty experience was getting married to my wife. This was an amazing experience to have and felt amazing to be with my wife and my family together. 
I watched Avatar on IMAX with 3D stuff. It was like watching a live action painting tell a story over hours. It's stunning beauty, and story drew me in, and kept me intensely interested and in awe until the credits rolled. It was an awesome experience.
I'm thinking about the time I hiked the Grand Canyon. It started just before sunrise so not scenic or beautiful except for the fading stars as sunrise came up. When the sun did come up it was absolutely beautiful and illuminated the canyon rocks and walls with a glowing kind of warm light that I'd never seen before. Continuing my hike each scenic overlook just seemed more beautiful and awe inspiring than the last. The scene was one of magic and wonder. A kind of beauty that in my experience I only find in nature.
It was the day my son was born. It was the moment when it hit me that my life had changed and it was for the better. Seeing him come into the world and thinking about how he was my little guy and I would get to see him as he goes through life and experiences everything that makes us human was a beautiful thing. Thinking about it makes me wish I were home so I could see him and give him a big hug.
It was a calm autumn morning. Me and a few friends have finally reached the tallest peak in Shenandoah valley. This is the first time and a few friends have ever completed the hike. The view was stunning. Compared to our pollution filled city of washington DC, shenandoah valley is serene, clean, and peaceful. The birds are chirping happily in the background in their nest. The winds rustle just slightly from the weak breeze. The smell of grass and trees is strong, but it's the best perfume from nature.
It was sunny Saturday in Spring. My friends and I went hiking in a unfamiliar mountain. When we climbed to the other side of the mountain. We saw a field with a lot of beautiful flowers. They smelled really good and were very enjoying.
One of the most beautiful moments I've experienced is the birth of my nephew. There was a lot of build up to the day and when he finally arrived he brought a lot of joy. We were all really happy to welcome a new addition to the family. 
A time I had the experience of intense beauty was when I was on vacation at the Bahamas. I've never really been to a tropical place before, and I've only seen pictures. When I got to the resort, there was a long beach of white sand and clear water. The air wasn't particularly heavy as I would have thought. It was completely sunny with only a few clouds in the sky. The horizon had some islands poking out.
I was smelling a rose my mom brought me for my birthday. The smell was so deep and wonderful. I felt like I had been missing out so much on life when I smelled it.
It was the birth of my son.  I was worried as my wife had a C-section.  I remembered the smell of the room, but when she was cut open and my son came out it was the most beautiful thing ever.  I heard his first cry and it brought tears of joy to my eyes.  As I was allowed to hold him I drunk in his smell, his feel and his beauty.
I had experience beautiful thing when I first time had a sex.
I want to preface this by saying I am not a cat lover by any means. However, I was in a quaint boutique in a small tourist town several years ago. While I was there I saw the most beautiful cat I have ever seen. I couldn't keep my eyes off of it. I had never seen a cat with such gorgeous blue eyes. I believe it may have been a Himalayan Persian cat. Its coat was stunning, long-haired, soft, and combed smooth. I forgot all about shopping in this store, and  just wanted to look at the cat. It had all the regular characteristics of a cat, aloof and uncaring. But after seeing that cat, I could see myself owning one. I have never forgotten it. No, I've never gotten a cat, but if I did, it would definitely be similar to that beautiful animal.
i was at the park one day and it was beautiful there it smelled like summer and i felt happiness and i was very happy with the way that day was going and it looked clear and the sun was out and it was a a beautiful experience.
I think that the most beautiful thing in the world that I remember is a ruby. The deep red color is nicer than a diamond. It's amazing that it's a natural phenomenon. Nothing is more eye-catching.
I can't remember the exact name of the beach but it was a beach in North Carolina on the coast. I remember a ex boyfriend of mine took me there when I was 18. The wave's were crashing on the rocks down below (we were on a boardwalk) and the sky was extremely beautiful. The sun was setting and I remember seeing crabs on the beach. Not only was that one of the most memorable settings I've ever seen, It was also one of the most romantic.
A beautiful memory I have is fishing with my grandfather
The moment i first saw my dog,when it was a puppy. It was the most precious thing I've ever seen. from her cute little paws to her big floppy ears. her wagging little tail and that signature "puppy smell". It was love at first sight!
A memory that I think about a lot , espeically during the holidays, is from one of my first years working as a nurse. It was Christmas eve and I was taking care of a baby, maybe 3 or 4 months old, born prematurely and requiring a ventilator. His grandmother hadn't been able to meet the baby yet, but was in town for the holidays. I put him into her arms for the first time, and she wasn't even fazed by all the cords and tubes, she just wanted to hold her grandson so badly. She sent the exhausted parents home to rest and have dinner and spent the whole evening holding and rocking and singing to that little baby.
the beautiful experience i pictured is when me and my husband went to oregon to live closer to my mom. she lived on the coast and one day we all went to the beach as a family and i sat with my husband and watched my mom play with my son by the water. not only was the scene beautiful but i have a beautiful memory of my son and my mother together.
Well, my thought was when I woke up, I went to breakfast and my family was sharing together
I was in a Las Vegas casino to see a show with some friends When we were walking to the entrance, Rihanna was walking past us a gorgeous low -cut gown. Everything was on point and she smelled like butterscotch and lilies.
It was when I celebrated my birthday last year. I was gorgeous on that day.
Me and my partner hiked up a very beautiful trail to the top of a mountain.  At the top of the mountain was a beautiful garden and grassy field.  We could feel the cool mountain breeze and smell the air, which was fragrant with blooming flowers.  I could hear the wind rustling the grass and trees, and birds were chirping.  The sky was blue and populated with fluffy white clouds.  The view was amazing and we could look into the valley and see the surrounding hills and mountains.  There was a gazebo built there and we went and just sat in it for a while and talked and looked at the scenery.  It was a very nice time to spend with my best friend.
My experience came when watching a tv show called I am the night.  It had an actress named India Eisley in it who played Fauna Hodel.  I have not seen such a beautiful actor in a long time.  I looked forward to each episode and found her extremely well gifted at acting.  I was sad to see the show end and looked to see what else she is going to be in so I can watch the older things and ones coming up.  I am definitely a fan of her beautiful acting.
I was recently at the MET museum in New York  in which i was able to see statues and art pieces by established artists in history. I was captivated with the layout of the museum in which all corridors and sections had a distinct theme to it. I remember seeing distinct glass displays that are crafted with such unique styling to best present the art pieces that sit on top of them. I felt as if i was in the presence of millions of dollars worth of curated artwork and history surrounding me every corner.
My grandparents lived on the eastern shore of Virginia. There home was near the highway, but the large, several acre backyard overlooked farmland and backroads. My memory was of waking up early with my Grandfather and feeding the Canadian geese in the pond of a neighbor's farm. The geese would sleep there overnight, eat, and then take off. This flock probably was 50 strong. It was quite the spectacle to hear and watch them take off to go about their daily business, which I always imagined included attacking innocent bystanders. They never attacked us though. Maybe because we were the ones keeping them fat. 
it was on vacation in the middle of the jungle, it was at one of these resorts in latin america that was up in the mountains and you could actually touch the clouds . It was such a beauty and serenity that i cannot really explain. Everything felt so peaceful and so clean and fresh up there. It felt like i never want to leave and want to live up there forever and not come back down to reality
I remember the day my son was born. I remember feeling as if the world slowed down for a minute the first time I saw him. I remember him looking at me and respond to the sound of my voice. I remember his first little cries as he was welcomed into the world and how shocking the bright light must've been. I can recall the stale cool air of the hospital and just holding him and wanting to keep him warm. I am reminded of the smiles of my wife and myself seeming permanent and resolute. I remember his little hand touching my finger and wrapping around it as he figured out who I was. It was a beautiful day despite the blizzard that was happening outside. It is a beautiful memory and one I hope I can recall for the rest of my life.
In my teenage years I took psychedelic mushrooms alone down by the river where I grew up. Seeing the woods and trails I had grown up around and within with new eyes was a transforming experience. The river peacefully wandered by as I sat silently, and the world around me resumed it's business as if I were not there at all. To call it a peaceful experience would be an understatement, the feeling of belonging to the earth has stayed with me to this day.
I woke up one morning and could smell my lilac bushes through the window. It was just barely sunny but still smelled like the rain from the night before. The spring birds were chirping and I was comfortable in my bed. It was just a perfect waking up experience. Perfect temperature. I was rested. Couldn't have been better.
My beauty experience is when my daughter was born. When I first saw her I did not know that something so beautiful could possibly exist. Plus the world just seemed like a much more beautiful place at that moment in time, at least for a little while. Everything was vividly wonderful and happy and beautiful and perfect, all together. 
I was going to a wedding. My cousin, who I grew up with like a brother to me was getting married. I flew out of town to be able to attend. I made sure to pack as much as I could to be able to get through security. I had clothes, hair products and make up. I put as much effort into looking my best. I showed up to the wedding, and everyone was floored. I hadn't seen my family in over a year. To show up looking my best, and receive compliment, made me feel great.
I was camping in Black Mountain, NC.  I remember the supreme beauty of the lake and how serene it was.  I heard some birds whistling around me and the trees blowing in the wind.  I smelled the crisp foliage in the air.  I felt the grass on my feet and the wind blowing in my face.  I also felt the sunlight on my face which was wonderful.  It was like I was aging in reverse it was so tranquil!
Over the past few years, we and others have addressed the question of what neural mechanisms are engaged during aesthetic experiences, and especially during the experience of beauty. In addressing the question, we were inspired by the question posed by the Bell asked whether there is anything common to all objects that are experienced as beautiful or that arouse the aesthetic emotion. Translating this into neural terms we, likewise, sought to understand whether there is a common brain system in which activity correlates with the experience of beauty.
When I went to visit Ireland. There was a rainy cold day but we went over near an old cliff by the ocean. It looked so beautiful in the rain and it was absolutely stunning.
I had a beautiful experience when I retired from my office. All the staff members and co-workers gave me a treat and we cut a cake too for my retirement. It was a proud moment for me.
My beauty experience would have to be three experiences because I can't pick which of my children's births was the most beautiful. Each one took on a whole new meaning of beauty for me and triumphed over the last one in terms of seeing the world as endless possibilities. Beauty isn't just visual representation, but the feelings one has while the moment is happening. I had each of my children without the use of drugs, so I remember each one vividly. My oldest child came into the world surrounded by family, and we celebrated her life as she granted us with her presence. My middle child nearly died during the birthing process and was the most difficult birth out of the three, but he was also the most rewarding in that sense and truly defined beauty as life blessed upon my family. My youngest child was the easiest and quickest birth, and she came into the world full of grace. A child's birth is always beautiful, despite any good or bad experiences. 
I was on the beach in Jamaica with my boyfriend. We watched as the waves crashed while the sun was setting. The way the sun was reflecting off of the ocean was so beautiful. The water was the perfect shade of blue. The air smelt crisp, clean, and like an ocean - my favorite smell. Everyone around us was nice. We enjoyed eachother's company while watching the beautiful live painting in front of us. 