The one time I remember the best about being surrounded by beauty was when I visited Colorado for the first time. I drove out of Denver and up into the mountains and I stopped at one scenic spot. I could see a large swath of the Rocky Mountains and it was one of the most awe-inspiring and beautiful scenes I can remember and I've been all over the world. It really made me feel small and humble and as though I was part of a bigger existence. There isn't anything as quite as beautiful as a pristine natural scene, especially with mountains.
watching my hair its very beautiful i try to make my self look good when i come outside,
I was on a mountain an the evening when this blanket of fog rolled in. I had a good spot to look down this valley and watch a beautiful sunset into night.
It was a sunset.
When I sit out on my front porch in the very early morning.  No one is awake on the street.  I gaze into the woods and see cardinals and robins fluttering through the branches and landing on the poles.  The musical notes of the various winged creatures tickle my soul.  The lack of traffic sounds amplify the echoes of tweets.  I take deeps breaths and calm my soul in these turbulent times to the beautiful gift of nature.
I took in a caterpillar I found. It was a monarch caterpillar. It went into a chrysalis and became a beautiful Monarch butterfly. It was amazing seeing how it transformed. It was really cool. I loved it very much. It was a beautiful experience seeing how an ugly caterpillar can become such a beautiful thing.
A couple days ago my wife and i decided to hike up in the mountains in a cool sunny day. We decided this would be the best time due to our child being able to be carried on our shoulder. As we reached the peak we could see snow on higher elevated mountains. We see tall green trees, birds chirping and high amounts of energy. This was a moment we will never forget! 
It was on my wedding day. I was wearing a all white dress, my hair was done in a up do. and I had my makeup done. That day I felt beyond beautiful. I remember my weeding being at the park and seeing all my family and friends there was so amazing. I remember smelling the fresh air, and the tress. I also remember seeing a lake near the area where the wedding was located. It was one of the most happiest days of my life.  
Every time I see the ocean. The one time that sticks out to me though is when I was sitting on the beach, listening to my dad and sister look for sand dollars. I watched the waves and just enjoyed the scenery around me. It was definitely a moment where I felt true peace. 
I was at the beach with my family and there was a thunderstorm in the distance. We could see the lighting and hear the thunder, but it was not raining where we were. The air was still and smelled of rain. The sun was setting and the sky was a mix of color and lighting.
when i was on the travel, it was very tired and we have stopped the bike on the tea shop, while that time a car came and stopped over that tea shop and i was near the car, suddenly the wcar window downs, and one girl and she looks really pretty and intense beauty she asked for a route to the location and i said im also going over that nearby location so follow me, and the girl starts following me and we had a nice time together
I still remember the first time I saw my first glimpse of the Smoky Mountains. It was from the main road driving south toward Gatlinburg. I was alone on this trip. I had crested a small hill in the car and there before me were HUGE purple colored mountains with some fog along the top. I don't know why I couldn't see the mountains before this point, the road must have been at a lower point. I remember gasping, I think my heart started racing and I almost ran off the road. That was the beginning of my love for these mountains. I used to drive or fly there at least once a year but since I now live in Florida, I can't afford to do it often. The last time I was there I had taken my Aussie boyfriend and he felt the same way as I do. It's still my most favorite place in the world for beauty, contentment and being still with God.
It was the first time that I saw Niagara Falls.  I wasn't sure what to expect and what I saw blew me away!  The falls are majestic.  I never imagined they would be so big.  The roar of the water is incredible, and I was able to get right up close.  And then, in the mist of the falls, I saw a perfect rainbow.  Never before have I seen a rainbow so clearly.  I could see all colors, end to end.  I stood and watched silently for I don't know how along.  I was mesmerized by the grandness and beauty of the falls.
I live in Colorado and traveled to Kentucky for my niece's wedding.   It was on the farm her mom and step-dad owned.   Everything was so plush and green.   The backdrop for the wedding was a pond with a fountain and knobs cresting.   Her uncle had built a beautiful tressel that was draped with flowers.   There was a huge white tent to the side for the reception.   Horses were by the fence and honestly one of the most beautiful weddings I have ever attended.
It begin at 9:30pm of the 18th of August of 2015. My wife was about to have my third baby girl. She started having pains and told me that we needed to go to the hospital. We arrived at the hospital in about 10 minutes. My wife was check to see how many centimeters she had. There were only 3 cms. The doctor told us that she needed to walk around for 30 minutes and see if she had more centimeters. We walked and talked like if it was a dream that our third baby was coming out. We went back and the doctor told us that she had already 8 cm. That my baby was about to born. My wife did some pushing and there she was. My baby girl was there in my hands. I looked at her and she smiled at me. I looked back at my wife and she was there smiling. Both look so beutiful. I am greatful for my wife and my child. 
i experience beauty which was about my young days, that days we are together so each moment was very beautiful it take me long to survival in my life. Happiness presents in my life during my college days it makes feel and experience beautiful days.
When we lived in Germany ( my husband was military) we would go to visit castles. The most beautiful one I had ever seen was The Fairy Tale castle. It looked like something out of a fairy tale. I don't know how to spell it but it starts with an N. Anyway, the walk up to it is filled with forests and greenery. The castle itself is magnificent, and the inside is even better.
I sit on my front porch early in the morning. My cup of coffee smells delicious with steam slowly rising over my head. The air is cool and dew is sparkling on the grass. I see a mama deer and her fawn out in the green pasture in front of me. Redbirds are landing on the green needles of the cedar trees in my yard. Their color is vibrant. I feel rested, I say thank you for the day. I sit back on my porch swing and take it all in.
The brand's Beauty TIP workshops actually encourage shoppers to play with products before making any purchases, and the newest store concept offers similar experiences, albeit designed for perhaps a more serious beauty customer than one shopping the Beauty TIP stores. The retailer has also launched a social media platform specifically designed for loyalty members to talk to each other about products and have beauty-focused discussions
it was picnic with my family
I went to the art museum last year and there were lots of beautiful things there. I didn't spend as much time as I would have liked but I found the ancient things to be most amazing. To be something made so long ago and still be around and in such amazing shape was fascinating. 
This memory takes place at the Butchart Gardens in Victoria, BC Canada. It was a lovely spring day and I was walking around the gardens with my mother and mother in law. So many wonderful flowers were in bloom, and the way the gardens are arranged creates a very pleasant experience. Where I live there are not a lot of different kinds of flowers, so seeing so many varieties in one place was absolutely stunning. 
There was a time when I was on a plane.  I looked out the window and saw this huge cloud.  It was incredibly smooth and tall and shiny.  It wasn't wispy like normal clouds.  It was almost like white glass.  It was beautiful.
Graduating from college. It was a beautiful day out that May. My family was there. And with my college friends as well. It really was a perfect day and everything went right. I even keep a few pictures up on the wall of it. I accomplished a big goal I had growing up that day as well. 
beauty of nature,leave and all kind of plants that make most sad life better and animal life i used to wonder how the world looks without them in it. every thing we are and how we are alive today evolve around those two things without plant how do we live how to do we eat  without animals there would be no tourism i love nature and what comes with it really brings me joy and happiness.
A long time ago when we all had flip phones and text messaging was not a big thing and most had no idea they even had it, like me I was taken by surprise. I had a wonderful evening the night before and kinda had sparks with someone I had no idea I would have. I was standing in the office where I work and my phone dinged. I had no idea what the ding was or meant. I looked at my phone and saw a text message for the first time ever. It simply said "You are beautiful today". I knew who it was from and I was gloriously on top of the world at that moment.
The last Christmas with my mother. We knew she had cancer and didn't have much time left, but she was still in pretty good spirits that last Christmas. The entire family gathered at my sisters and her and I made a delicious prime rib roast with all the fixings. It was an unusually warm and sunny day. Everyone was there. No one had any real expectations of how it would all go and so there was no pressure. Just a simple enjoyment of each other and there was a lot of love in the day. It was beautiful in that we were all there for the right reasons and it was simple and just so nice.
Every day during the summer, or as often as possible, I take my boat out on the lake.  I go in the morning, while the air is still relatively cool. I pack a cooler, put on my swim trunks and head down to the marina.  I remove the cover and slowly back the boat out of the slip.  I putter past the end of the breakwater, then give the boat full throttle and feel the wind through my hair as I head to my favorite slimming spot. I get in the cool water and swim like a fish.  Then I get back out of the water and let the warm sun dry me and feel the caress of the world melt off of me.  The clear, blue water with the tree covered mountains surrounding them is just so beautiful it is hard to believe it is real sometimes. 
This happened a few months ago before the pandemic. My family and I went on a trip to the Smoky Mountains. After taking a small hike we reached a point to where we were overlooking 7 states. This was so breathtaking. You could hear the nature, smell the fresh air and the view was unbelievable. While I was standing there I felt completely calm and collected. It was very surreal and beautiful.
The day of my wedding I would describe as experiencing nothing but beauty. From the venue that the wedding was held, the weather that day, the smell of the flowers surrounding the building. Seeing everyone in my family dressed up and finally seeing my wife to be for the first time in her wedding dress. I felt like a man that had just hit the lottery.
once i went to garden with different flower , those flower are different in colors and it has different smell. each and every species are unique and i am so impressed in their beauty
I was driving home from dropping my daughter off at school, and it was a bit foggy out. There is a beautiful view of the Black Hills for most of my drive home, and it looked extra beautiful that day because of the slight fog. It was breathtaking and it brought tears to my eyes. I was so grateful to live in such a beautiful location.
I remember walking one day down a street in my town. It wasn't an unusual day, or an unusual walk. All of a sudden, the sunlight seemed much brighter than it normally was. The sounds of the birds were joyous and sharp. My heart filled with peacefulness, and I was overcome with an intense feeling of love for everyone around me.
I felt intense beauty the day I went to Niagara Falls for the first time. The Falls are one of the biggest in the United States. It made me feel small but amazed at such beauty. The water was roaring loud. The sun reflected perfectly back onto it. Nature really creates beauty. 
I was at the beach, as the sun was setting, looking at the ocean, feeling waves of peace and tranquility from all directions. Feeling so small in the grand scheme of things.  
An early morning bike ride through the swamp trails,  fog lightly rolling in and the trees forming a tunnel effect.   Sun shining through in the distance to give the light at the end of the tunnel feel.
WHENEVER I SEE THE TOPIC LIKE THIS, I HAVE THOUGHT ABOUT MY MARRIAGE. I AM VERY HAPPY TO REMEMBER ABOUT MY MARRIAGE MEMORIES. I HAVE MIXED FEELINGS DURING THAT TIME. I FELT VERY EXCITED AND INVOLVED. 
on my last birthday i was feel very happy that the moment.because my husband was give some gift to me.it was about the designer dresses and cosmetics.it was made me very beautiful and tell everyone nice to me.it was made me more rich and luxuries looks.
I was spending the day with my roommate and her friend. I was really attracted to her friend and had been for a while. She was pretty and gentle and kind. We started out by going to the dog park, then we had a lunch, and finally I took them to my home from my youth to show them where I grew up. There was a workshop there and in the upstairs of it, the wall was covered with family pictures. My dad had been stapling them up for years as something to look at and remember. After sharing this part of my family with them, we headed back up the drive way to the car. She grabbed my hand and walked close to me. I even remember the autumn smell in the air. Nothing ever happened between us, and in a way, it makes it an even more beautiful, special and singular intimate emotional moment with no other strings attached to it.
in my college times i am going to college vacation in some hill and forest it is the beauty experience about my thought
My friends and I visited a national park. It is a very pleasant experience. The greenery is attractive. 
in my college time we are going tour with my friends, i was very happy that day we are went beautiful place that make me very happy and feel's different.
i remember having a photo shoot with my fiance , it was a baby reveal and i was dressed in red and had a flower crown and he was taking photos of me and i felt very beautiful with him.
in the few years ago, i gone to a shopping mall for shopping with my friends. at that time we decide to purchase a perfume bottles, at that time, we crossed the shop of perfumes, we stand at the outside, but we fully addicted the smell of perfume, when we crossed the shop, the smell of some perfume just crossed us, i intensely addicted for that perfume.
This is a period when my daughter was born. it was the most beautiful sight. 
This happened to me when I went to the Grand Canyon.  The size was breath taking along with the immense view.  The clouds just appeared to be within reaching distance and the colors that were created from the sun and shade was just amazing.  When you looked down  the land stretched out for miles with the patterns of all the creases in the deep brick red earth was something that you just could not imagine unless you actually saw it. When standing on the edge and taking a picture it just appeared to be colorful hills behind me, taking a photo did not capture the absolute beauty of this wondrous natural land. I do not remember smell but I do remember the sound of the birds and the odd tourist walking by.
Looking out over the mountainous valley that stretches out from the deck of my family cabin. You can see miles and miles of pine trees ending in large mountains and peaks.
The first time I saw St. John, VI I was on a trip with my husband. We travelled all day and were exhausted when we got there, but found our way to the cabin we rented. The cabin was called "Sun, Moon, and Stars" and that's exactly what we saw when we got there. Looking up at the sky I saw more stars than I thought were possible. When you looked at the sky it looked like you were in space. Stars were everywhere, going back as far as you could see. Even better, some stars looked so close you could touch them. I'm not a religious person, but I could absolutely feel the presence of God as I stood there.
My boyfriend was living with his friend in a less-than-impressive trailer court. I used to go to visit him and have a grand old time because the the trailers were situated along a fence line right next to a farm. My boyfriend and I would sit behind the trailers on two lawn chairs, hidden behind the foliage watching over a bright, green meadow where a few horses and a pony would graze every day. It was so beautiful and serene. It was like our own little corner of the world, hidden in the least likely of places. The weather was nice and sunny. The breeze was cool and soft. It was somehow magical. Every once in a while the horses would come over and we'd feed them a bit of carrot. I truly miss having our little hideaway.
Sitting on a dock on the lake, at the house I grew up at. There are a few water skiers off in the distance, leaving me with a soft patter on the water. The waves I finally felt were so weak, they were barely there. It's sunset, and the beach has closed for day. There are children laughing far off in the distance, perhaps at their homes down the beach. It's very quiet, but best of all- it's serene, placid...beautiful.
I remember being at a wedding nd having my best outfit on. I was scared to wear it because it was kind of a male looking out fit and Im a girl. I was scared people would not find it cute. But then my friends and family even started to say how nice and beautiful I looked. I then looked in the mirror and became confident in what I was wearing. I then thought of myself as beautiful
The most beautiful memory I can remember is when my family and I went to Tennessee some years ago and stayed at a cabin. It was picturesque. Everyone was happy (when we're generally surly or withdrawn). We cooked and played video games the night we arrived. My dad was really into the dance revolution games then and I think he and my siblings played all night on it. My sister and I got the left bed above the living and enjoyed looking down on everyone. The next day we explored the town and there were so many people and things to do/see. We went to Dollywood and I hesitantly road the roller coaster which scared me to death. It was just a really great time in our family's life.
one day i am going to my college , one cute girl cross me, i just go my way, but that girl, come return, look at me,  i really impressed, i like the girl, this is my very beauty experience
my drew picture sun is vert beauty
In my college time my husband was accept my first love proposal. I shared to my experience to my college students and friends and lectures. I can't forget to this event in my life
my beauty experience was when i gave birth to my daughter. i had been anticipating her arrival ever since i got pregnant with her and even more when i knew i was going to be having a baby girl. it was a moment i kept looking forward to because i knew it was going to be a beautiful moment. the day she arrived was the happiest day of my life and as i held her in my arms and looked into her eyes, i knew i had experienced a beautiful moment i would always cherish
I spent a day hiking and boating in and around Iguazú Falls.
As a kid I went to the Grand Canyon. I was as majestic as you could imagine. I also like heights, so seeing how far down it went was exhilarating. It was a perfect, clear day and there weren't many other tourists. I just got to enjoy the epic scale of the canyon and feel butterflies from feeling so high up.
Last year i went outing with my friends. we are completely enjoyed the trip. Lot of places are very beautiful. chill climate, clean air, large number of trees. All are covered by nature, It gave us pleasant feeling
Before a year, I went to Nepal to spend my vacation. It is a beautiful place. One day, I went to village near by Himalayas.That was the time of early morning. I was astonished and also stunned by Himalaya's majesty in that moment. I couldn't explain the beauty of the mountains. I never saw such a  beautiful scenario like this. I just took photographs that scenario.I just forgot the time. The sun's rays were reflected on the mountains. It gave so much of happiness and also energy to my mind.
So there was time where I made a trip to San Francisco. During one of the days that I was there I went to Muir woods which is an area that is completely away from the city. I ended taking a hike up to this look out point where you can see the whole area of muir woods where you can see all the trees in the area. It was honestly beautiful to see an area that is untouched by people and you can just take this beautiful scenic view that was made by nature. The fact that the area just smelled so fresh in that area it was indescribable. You can hear the woods teeming with life and all the little sounds of nature makes you appreciate there are still areas in the world where its away from city influence.
I was so happy the day that I adopted my cats. Just seeing how cute they were as kittens and knowing they were going to be well taken care of and happy meant the world to me. It made me feel so joyful - as cheesy as it sounds, their little faces were just so sweet, innocent and cute, I love them so much.
"I saw a beautiful rose. That rose was so good. Rose Clore was very different and very sexy.
"
I remember the first time i travelled outside of the country, the beauty of the ocean from the airplane was breathtaking. 
The experience i had that linger and i could remember was the day we had our last born, me and my wife were very happy, cause the doctor said she is gonna have problem giving birth but Thank God it was free delivery
I remember going to my beautiful girlfriend seeing her look so beautiful. She was glistening in the night ever beautiful with her deep blue eyes.
this was the first time i held my first child,i felt so helplessly happy. holding a very beautiful thing from my own flesh. 
The beauty I experienced was in a forest near Crested Butte, Colorado. I think the land was part of Gunnison National Forest. I had gotten there by biking out of the town of Crested Butte along a background that I think was a mountain pass between Crested Butte and Aspen. I wasn't that far out of town (maybe 2 miles at most) when I tied my bike up to a guard rail in order to descend into the stream valley below the road. I then crossed the stream to get to the dense woods on the other side. The air was thin and cool, which I loved because I'm from Texas where the air is oppressively heavy and hot. The pine trees smell wonderful and there were no man-made sounds, just the wind in the trees, the babbling snow-melt stream, and occasional bird song.
I had been married to my beloved former (technically, 'ex') husband for about 7 or 8 years. Life was good; we both had good jobs. I was finally earning decent money in my tech career, my husband was doing well with his, my daughter was happy and had found a great guy.  The moment I particularly remember was a beautiful warm summer New England day. We both rode motorcycles, but I much preferred riding on the back of my hubby's comfortable big Harley. We were heading out for a ride into the gloriously green back country roads out around us, and the moment hit me when we were briefly stopped at an intersection, just heading out. I felt an immense wave of love of my husband; of gratitude for the things going well in my life, for the beauty all around me. I knew to appreciate it for all it was worth. A small part of me knew that it would not be lasting. The moment itself was complete presence, though. Hard to even put into words.
I felt great beauty when I stood near the mountains that I grew up near. Looking at their sheer size and the variations of colors, texture, places, and just the vast array of nature in front of me was really impressive. It made me feel warmth and like I was at home once again. The mountains that I grew up near are indescribably beautiful, bountiful, and are always a place I will feel safe.
ONE TIME I AM GOING TO OUTSIDE NATURE PLACE THAT TIME I WILL SEE SOME BEAUTIFUL PLACES AND ANIMALS I AM REALLY IMPRESSED TO SEE THAT ALL
I was visiting the local botanical gardens and the flower section was just so beautiful.  Everything was in bloom and the colors were just so vibrant and stunning.  I really felt in awe of nature at the time 