Last week I had got a call from my ex girl friend.We had meet after 10 years. I feel very happy and nostalgic.
I have seen a flower which changes its color two times in a day. When the flower when it grown it is white color and in the afternoon it is baby pink and in the evening it is dark pink. I liked it  very much its plant also very good daily we can get more flowers
I felt very good at this occasion. This was some festive occasion. I was looking pretty and some of the girls living in our area where staring me for long. I love the way they were staring on me. They liked me and one of them wants to propose me.
It was right after a meditation session. I finished meditating on my house roof. When I opened my eyes, everything looked very beautiful and pure. I moved my eyes around, saw plants and green leaves, blue sky with clouds, buildings, furniture and everything looked so beautiful. It was like the world is a beautiful place and we are blessed to have it.
My experience was when i saw my partner and gone love proposal. Last 3 months before i proposed my love to my lover and she get very shy feel and i also. The place where forest area with elephants are presented and birds sounds are awesome environment for me and i got very very pieceful location and well.
 Beauty Experience is a full beauty and spa our services are Hair, Lashes, Nails, Facials, Massages and Brow Sculpting
"The moment was when my first ever smartphone arrives. I was in school at the time. It was based on my own personal savings and I am a techno geek. You can probably feel my excitement. Also, it was the most popular and expensive phone of the time. I was super excited to have it. It felt like not waiting for anyone, just opening the box and using it right away.

It was delivered as a parcel from Amazon, the person came to send the parcel also told me to calm down as he saw the level of excitement I was having. 

I immediately asked my parents for permission to open the phone and use it."
We went to temple in Thanjavur. I was very impressed with the intricate detailing. The temple was enormous. I felt really connected with the temple. I couldn't get enough of it. I could still smell the unique temple smell. There were so many sculptures.
When i was seven year old, i went to the temple and run away from the temple. My parents were finding many hours but they cannot found me. After several hours my parents found me. They were happy. I was very panic at that time. But still this was interesting and wonderful experience for me.
I was doing my college first year. I saw one handsome man stand infront of my department who does not belongs to my department. Both see each other and he fall in for me. I also do. Life was so beautiful when we love each other. we got married and have daughter. But being lover to him was most beautiful and very pleasant memories of me. 
I went to one perfume factory at the time the truck came to deliver the load of flowers and I was amazed to see all those together with some great smell and I was really surprised and I'm able to remember for a long time. 
The experience that I was with nature 2 years back I went for a trip with my friend at forest ,The camp at beside of waterfalls almost 5 days trip I feel high and such a beauty in life the atmosphere from the hills and from the waterfalls, two days rain it feel Mee touching soul. I get very high quality days in attachment with nature .. remaining social days and events are just normal not specifically interested.
I feel is very happy and beautiful of the birthday party.I am excepted to the party and friends,relative of the my home.I happy and  beautiful moment of the day. 
Once upon a time I had worked. At the time I had very happy and with my friends. That the experience very beauty experience for my life. We are worked in enjoy and hard work. We are celebrate all events. That a happy life not forgot. I currently image and the oldest themes.
"In my life i was traveled to my native town through plane and i was flying at high altitude.
Shining of Clouds was wonderful, amazing. I took lot of photos through plane window.Natural sky blue was beautiful."
i like beauty. i am going to friend marriage. yesterday  i am going to beauty center. beautician done eye brow and facial . i like beautiful this moment. some makeup done
I was holidaying in Switzerland. It was early spring and I was with my wife. We were going to Mt. Titlis. We walked to the cable car station from the railway station. There were gurgling streams on the way, fresh green grass, colourful flowers and snowcapped mountains in the distance. The birds were chirping and the chill in the air was just about comfortable. The sun was gentle and provided enough warmth so as to not feel cold. That walk was one of the most scenic and beautiful sight I have experienced in my life.
"I don't know whether this is a beautiful experience or not but I always remember and cherish this experience when I feel low, depressed and blue. I guess love is one of the most beautiful experiences in the world. Your first love when you get flat seeing that girl makes you numb, time stops moving, you can't sense, you can't breath as if your heart stops pumping blood. This happened 20 years back when I was in high school and there was a girl and she and I were at the same school from kindergarten onwards. For others, she is just an average girl but for me, she is an angel in disguise. I always had a soft corner for her but did not have the gut to approach her. The situation changed and after so many years in high school, I approached her intentionally asking for assistance with the projects and she obliged and helped me dearly in each and every way possible. Whenever I was with her, I lost my senses as if I am not sober, I became intoxicated whenever she was around me. After 10 or 12 meetings we agreed for a cup of tea. It was raining and she took the cup in her hand to feel the warmth and the way she sipped her tea, it is as if it was yesterday though it happened 20 years back. I am in nostalgia.

Thanks for creating this post so that I can write something which was only in my mind but now it in the post."
The most beautiful scene I've ever seen is a lion feeding its cubs .The most wonderful food I've ever tasted.
I had beautiful memory when i was 15 years old girl. I went to tour with my family. I was very enjoyed that time. I spend lot of time with my family. We smiled a lot and danced each other. We shared the food each other. This was the beautiful memory.
The beauty experience I felt was when me and my friends visited a hilltop tourist place. The place was thousands of feets above sea level. The journey took half a day to reach that place. The place was so beautiful that every one stunned . The nature made that place like a heaven. The road was good and all the roadsides  are greenish and full of flowers. At top the temperature was cold.   All the area surrounding that place can be seen tiny in a distant view. The clouds look like they are going to touch our head. The sunset view was a beautiful view that we never gonna forget. 
when my marriage date fixed ,i decided to go to the beauty parlour, at that place i feel the different and pleasant smell,after complete the facial process , i felt fresh and looking better than before, that was the great feeling of mine. 
one day that was my birthday.i was fight with my dad because he cannot buy any chocolate,dress,gifts.i was felt so bad.so shouting loudly.then i go to college.  fullday i cannot in right mood.that evening it was 5 o clock.one car comming to me and pickup to the 5star hotel.all friends and family members are there that place.my dad was waiting for me.he come to me happy birthday baby and you are gifted to me i am sorry babes.that minute i was so happy memorable day and moment.
always i am person who loves travel and be with others in my entire life i never thought much about general people or the society as whole it may because of my life style. but, few years back when i was in my earlier days of college one of my friend got injured in a road accident. and we admitted him in a hospital at that time we don't know his background or family status(financial). when we know about his situations and how hard time he is facing we felt immensely bad so, we decided to help him upon the help of our college friends we helped for his medical treatment after few months he recovered. when i saw his mother he thanked me from her heart which makes me heart broken till that time i never interested or even thought about other life or their issues i only think about my life and passion at the time when i saw her eyes i came to know the meaning of real happiness. this incident diverted my life in different way even still now we formed a NGO to help needy people. and, finally in my personal opinion there's nothing is great other than fulfill a persons dream 
My sister's baby's care with my experience very enjoyed and they smile flying for the sky with the thought. They innocent age and more than seven months baby's. They very closed with me . And correctly identify for me. They very happy and me happy. I like very much. My home happy for the babies reason for only.
I can't think of a single word for near-perfect, but there are many that describe a beautiful woman. Elegant, gorgeous, ideal, lovely, stunning, radiant, exquisite, fair, fetching, delicate, divine, dazzling, enticing, enthralling, magnificent, resplendent, mesmerizing, charming, captivating, adorable, alluring.
My beautiful experience is boating
this summer i visited mountain for trekking and saw the beautiful nature.the atmosphere was very clean and windy the smell of plants and flower was flourishing the mood
i felt inner beauty when i first saw my lover. she is very beautiful when i first saw her i felt very happy inside me its like thousands of butterflies flew inside me. that was the day i didnt forgot. that is the day i felt like i being in heaven, and now she is my lover. That is the day i felt inner beauty and happiness inside me.
my childhood life is very interesting in my life.this life is so enjoyment life.i am very happy. when i am seven years old i get the price in school fancy dress competition .my parents are very happy .
i can't forget the day when i commited in a relationship with my partner.that day i can feel my inner beauty on my face.the thousands and more butterflies flying around me.my partner made a surprise to me.that day i feel a fresh air and also i realize my original maturity on that day.my partner make me very crazy and joyful on that day.he bring me a lot of flowers from different country.when i think about it i can feel the fresh smell of flowers on present also.that day make me feel like a heaven and i am an angel in the world.
beauty experience is full beauty and spa then services are hair,lashes,nails,facials,massages and brow sculpting then it was feeling very comfortable and very fair in to my face and body then all days i am very fresh to the best experiences
TODAY MORNING I WAKE UP AT 7.00 AM. I SAW A BEAUTIFUL FLOWER ON MY TABLE. I THINK MY MOTHER MUST BE KEPT IT. THE FLOWER WAS SO FRESH AND COLORFUL.THE SMELL WAS MAKING A JOY TO ME.
i can not forget my proposal day.that i feel very special in the world.i felt i am in heaven.my partner take me to the beach with all arrangements.we just going to the boat ride.my partner proposed me on center of the sea.there is no one can watchig us ecxpecting the stars and moon and sky,water.i can clearly hear the voice of my partner.the voice mesmerized me.in center of the sea we can feel the fresh air with love feel.there is lot of peacefulness between us.i cant forget the incident in my life time.
It was my travel experience in the mountain, and I was traveling by train. The nature itself was so beautiful, and a feast for the eyes. It was a bright sunny day and I saw lot of beautiful falls, lush green fields, dense trees, peculiar birds. Though it was a bright sunny day, it was raining in some part of the travel and it was also beautiful.
that was my college day.i was 2nd year.i am days scholar student. one day one letter in my place.it was one boy writing for me.that was i want friend with you.and also love you. i read the letter i was so shocked. next day that letter boy was come to me. he was me best friend in my schools days.and i accepted his proposal and start the life.that day was most memorable and beautiful day in my entire life.
This is from a few years back when I went trekking in the Himalayas. After braving the weather for a few days, I felt that I was coming down with a cold and decided to stay in for a day. My Nepali hosts were very courteous. Later that evening, knowing that I was unwell, the mother of the house went out of her way to grab some herbs to make a locally used medicinal concoction. I didn’t quite expect that and I was quite moved by their generosity. About a week later, there was I was, making my way across one of the highest passes in the world. Physically it was brutal, but it’s a moment that’s going to stay with me forever. 
"It happened a few years ago, 2017 March to be exact. I and my friends decided to visit Taj Mahal which is located just outside the city of Agra in Uttar Pradesh, India. 

It is true artwork and was very fascinating to me. The true symbol of love in front of my eyes, I was in fact mesmerized how you can spot the optical effects of marbles throughout the building. As I walking around I felt a sense of mystery and excitement over how I was able to fulfill my long term wish.

I still remember the place very vividly in my mind. I hope to visit Taj Mahal again sometime in the future.

"
I WAS 14 YEARS, I WAS WENT TO MY UNCLE'S  HOUSE FOR SUMMER HOLIDAY. I LIKE MORE ENJOYABLE WITH MY COUSINES.  BECAUSE I MORE CONNECT WITH NATURE. I LIKED THAT PLACE LIKE THAT CANEL, CULTIVATION PLACE AND MOUNTAIN. I LIKE THAT VILLAGE BUFFALO VECHILE I MORE ENJOYBEL WITH THAT VECHICLE. AND I LIKE THAT COWS MILK AND HENS ETC. IT IS MORE BEAUTY OF MY EXPERIENCE
Once upon a time I visited one place in France, It was really superb and I was really surprised to see all the flowers and plants in one place. I felt like I was in dream and I couldn't able to forgot those scenes and I can still smell the flowers when I remember it. It smells unique and I was mesmerizing when I see the flowers. 
One day evening rainy season the road full of yellow color blossom flowers.At the time i met my girl I saw her like a gift in my life.At that time the environment and the situations all are impressing me very well and i felt that beauty.
In my life,My summer vacation is one of my favorite family traditions is summer vacation. Every summer without fail we go on vacation, and we stay there for at least a week.At that place,nature will makes a great happy feel  in my life.Nature is the most important and integral part of the lives of everyone and also that is very colorful and has both living and non-living things.At night time,we look up the stars and clouds which looking very pleasant and makes me feel complete.This is my most beauty experience in my life.
I FELT INTENSE BEAUTY ON MY 25TH BIRTHDAY WHERE ME AND MY FAMILY MEMBERS WENT TO A HOLIDAY VACATION TO KERALA. MY FAMILY MEMBERS CELEBRATE MY BIRTHDAY ON KERALA AND ALSO WE WENT TO SEE BEAUTIFUL PLACES IN KERALA. ESPECIALLY ALAPPUZHA. I NEVER FORGET THAT PLACE BECAUSE IT IS TOO ADMIRABLE. IT CHANGE MY TOTAL BAD AND SAD MEMORIES IN TO DELIGHTED. IT WAS EVENING TIME SO IT LOOKS MORE BEAUTIFUL. I FEEL IT WAS AN INTENSE BEAUTY THAT I EVER SAW IN MY LIFE.
last month I visited artists associations exhibition at my town. I really like art, so i felt a very strong feeling towards the program. Artists  from different regions of state was present , it includes kids and elders. The paintings , sculptures and other crafts they made were amazing. I felt very strong feeling to participate in it and show some of my skills. but  i am not at all near to the skill of a single kid who made his presentation there. I felt like that i was floating through a different universe of beauty and forgot all my strains.
I LAST DECEMBER MONTH I AM WENT TO KODAIKANAL WITH MY BUDDIES. REALLY I ENJOYED WITH THAT PLACE AND I FEEL COMFORTABLE. AND WE ARE GOING TO KILLING STATION PLACE IT WAS VERY AMAZING TO SAW. IT WAS ONE OF THE MY FAVOURITE MEMORIES IN MY LIFE. WE ARE TASTED THE SWEET CORN AND PLAYING WITH MONKEIES. IT WAS AMAZING TRIP
I FEEL A SPECIAL CONNECTION WITH NATURE, OFTEN VERY POWERFUL. I WENT TO KANYAKUMARI. IT IS A BEAUTIFUL PLACE. ESPECIALLY SUNRISE WAS BEAUTIFUL THAT EVERYONE WANTS TO SEE. DURING SUNRISE SUN WAS CAME FROM THE SEA. I FELT LIKE A ORANGE BALL CAME FROM UNDERGROUND AND IT STAND LIKE A PRIDE.
LAST MONTH I WENT NILGIRI HILLS FOR VACATION. ON THAT TIME WE SAW THE FLOWERS NAMED AS "NEELAKURINJI" IT LOOKS REALLY AWESOME AND IT BLOSSOMS ONCE ONLY IN 12 YEARS. I FELT REALLY FORTUNATE TO SAW THAT FLOWER. AND THAT MOMENT I FELT INTENSE BEAUTY IN MY LIFE.
Few days ago i visited my home. It was monsoon season there. Just behind our home, there was a field. It stays usually dry and barren. But on that day, because of monsoon, the land was totally covered with green grasses. They where so bright, lively and comfortable to my eyes. I kept on looking at them and was thinking to go and lay on that fresh green grasses. It was wonderful.
Two months back I went to a flower exhibition which made me to get a beautiful experience
The childhood memories of mine was the beautiful experience of mine. I was 8 years old we went to the tourist spot with my whole family and enjoyed every moment with them .
"Going for trekking 2 years back was a beautiful experience for me.
It was a pleasant experience for me. "
EVERY MEMORY THAT I HAD REMEMBERING.IN MY COLLEGE DAYS I WON THE GOLDMEDAL.THIS IS MY BEAUTY EXPERIENCE.