I had a spiritual experience on a vacation. I felt a sense of attachment with my surroundings and the world at large. I also felt a sense of one-ness with the people around me. It was life changing and I would do it again. 
It was the last time I took a moment to sit and listen to Grieg's full composition for Peer Gynt.  It was great.
I remember going to the beach one day and climbing up to this cliff where people go to look at the sunset/sunrise. I went early in the morning with my cousins and we went there to go watch the sunrise. We got there just in time and I remember seeing the sunrise along the ocean for the first time. The view was spectacular and I was left in awe of how peaceful and how beautiful it looked. It made for some nice photos and left me with a memory I will never forget.
I was a kid at my neighbor's pool.  There was the scent of fresh cut grass and a beautiful expanse of lawn and trees.  We were all happy and content. We could see the birds landing on the lake behind us and hear them sometimes.
A garden placed on steps with stupendous beauty. Flowers were placed on the side of each few steps of different colors. A small koi pond was on the side making it appears more beautiful.
I went to the park the other day. I was amazed at how everything looked. Nature is pretty cool. It has a lot of textures. I liked how green everything was.
We had left the dock in the center console early that morning and were heading up river to a section I had not seen before. We came upon the old rail road bridge from the 1800's and what was the remanants of an old indian burial mound, protected of course. It was admist a beautiful cypress forest that the sun was just shining unto and projecting her beauty. 
A summer concert at the Gorge Amphitheater in George, Washington. It's the most beautiful place to experience music that you can possibly imagine. The stage is set against a massive backdrop of one of the gorges in the PNW, with a winding river between each canyon. The blues, pinks and purples of the sky as the sun sets, the warm breeze brushing against your skin, with some of your favorite music playing, is almost an unimaginably euphoric experience.
I visited a botanical garden with my family. It was great to experience so much nature since we live in the city. There were lots of plants, insects, and other animals. It was gorgeous and very enjoyable. 
Yesterday when I walked outside to take a walk to the store, I noticed nature a bit more than I usually do. The wind was still, and the birds outside were wondrous. The sun shining on me warmed my body, but I also felt it warm my soul. I felt a beauty greater than myself yesterday morning, and that is the world that we live in. 
A beautiful experience that I have is when I visited a theme park called Busch Gardens during their Christmas event, called Christmastown. The park was covered in lights and Christmas decor. The most beautiful part was by a water ride. There was a cascade of lights strewn across this ride that made it look like a waterfall. When I first saw it, I just looked at it in complete awe. My eyes were completely focused on the sight. There was a chill in the air and many people talking around me. 
When I was working at genentec, celebrities would come in for tours occasionally. Well one day Nicole Scherzinger is getting a tour. You see her on TV and she is gorgeous, dressed really sexy, perfect makeup, etc. Well, when she is getting the tour, she is dressed like a normal person, minimal makeup, and she's even more pretty. I literally stopped in my tracks and stared at her as she walked by. I've never seen someone so attractive in person before.
 I was in a big park, that was full of people. It was overlooking a lake with a greenhouse next to it. I was looking for a geocache. I was so sad because I couldn't find it, but as I was looking under a tree I noticed a fake stump and I grabbed it! I was so happy.
This could be my wife, as she walked down the aisle. she was so beautiful and she smelt like roses 
My family and I took a cruise and we stopped in Grand Cayman for a day. It was truly the most beautiful place I have ever been. There was not a cloud in the sky and there was a light breeze that felt so good on my skin. The sand felt like powder between my toes and the water was clear and the perfect temperature. We went and swam with Stingrays. Being out there with nature and interacting with the Stingrays was amazing. I felt so much peace. The people were friendly and you knew they cared for their island. Everything was immaculate, you did not see garbage anywhere. I felt relaxed and revived. The air had a fresh smell to it with a hint of salt water mixed in. The sun warmed my skin to the perfect temperature. I felt like I was surrounded by beauty on this gorgeous island. 
The moment that stands out to me the most was when I first saw my girlfriend in the dress she planned to wear to my father's wedding. She looking more beautiful than anything I had ever seen before. The dress she wore hugged her curves and flowed off of her like water. She wore a blue halter dress that had a mermaid cut to it on the bottom. The dress was a dark royal blue and had a sequenze on it that made her shimmer slightly. She was wearing a body spray that smelled pleasant and slightly of fruit. I nearly cried when she smiled at me. 
I took a trip with my family to a villa in Turks and Caicos. We had our own private pool that overlooked the beach. It was a really great sight to see. I remember smelling the sea water and also the aroma of the villa, which smelled like it had just been cleaned. 
I went hiking a few months ago at Twin falls. I was taken back at how beautiful the scenery around me was when I was taking a rest break. The chirping of the birds and the smell of the trees was something that really stood out to me. Even the air seemed a bit different when I was noticing these things.
I was nine years old and my sister and I were spending the summer on my grandparent's farm in Iowa. Sunday morning after church we decided to play in the field that was situated behind the house. It was a large area with a beautiful old tree that was placed right in the middle. Even in the morning it was warm and I was able to feel it on my skin. The only relief was the shade provided by the old tree and the wind that would occasionally blow and make me almost shiver in relief. The wind blew past plants and leaves and created a distinct whistling noise that I love so much to this day. I remember everything being very yellow. The sun, the field, the color of the tiny shed that was just behind the house where my grandfather's tools were kept. It was the first time in my life that I was able to associate a moment with the word "beautiful."
I'm in Batam, Indonesia, an island that's just a ferry ride away from Singapore. It's early morning and I'm on the hotel balcony. It has just rained and there was an amazing, full rainbow arcing out in front of me, over the entire island. It was perfectly still, as most other guests at the resort weren't awake yet. The air was quiet and still and I stood and marveled at the stunning beauty of the rainbow, the island, and the lush grounds of the resort. It was the perfect way to start my morning.
I was in my grandmother's rose garden in Pa.  I could smell the roses even before I got to the garden.  I was overtaken by the beauty of the roses, all red and pink. and the smell was so fresh and refreshing.  I had to stand back and admire God's work.
I visited Singapore a couple of years ago and visited Sentosa while I was there. There are cable cars between the city and the island, and from there you can can get a good view of the island and the city. The island is tropical and beautiful, and the city is very modern and artistic looking. 
The day I proposed to my wife is a good example of such beautiful event. This was like the best moment of my wife because she has always been there for me in all my short comings. It was set up for a dinner and I made sure she never saw it coming. It was rowdy in the restaurant and then a waiter passing with a tray of drinks mistakenly spilled a little on her. She didn't even mind him because we were discussing and just then, the waiter turned to apologize. She then turned to respond to him, when I brought out the ring and proposed.
I was recently in my favorite place on Earth: Colorado. I stayed in a condo right on the lake in Summit County, and had a beautifully scenic view of the lake and the mountains beyond. There are many benches nearby, in what is a beautifully maintained park dedicated to the citizens of the small town. One of my favorite spots in the area is a small bench nestled in between several trees. A couple had dedicated this particular bench to their memory, with a plaque on it stating their names and the quote, "One of our favorite views". I sat on this bench, and in my mind thanked the couple for allowing me to share in the appreciation of that same beauty. The smell of the flowers, the beautiful view right on the lake, and the lack of any sounds other than natural ones permeated the atmosphere around me. 
I was staying at a cabin lakeside, and I happened to wake up early. The dawn illuminating the water across the lake was pretty majestic. And to kick it off, there were fish hopping in the water
I was winter hiking in the Adirondacks and made it to the top where I could see snow and ice in all directions, covering other nearby and distant peaks.  It was quiet except for the wind howling and i could feel the frozen air.  The natural beauty and power of nature awed me.
This was last fall when I went hiking at a nature park. The sun was setting it was crisp fall air. There was an onlook to a gorge and the sky was that pink purple.The ground was covered in dark leaves.
when driving to NC, in front of me was the mountains...blue in color, the blue ridge mountains.  it was spectacular.  I love mountains and these NC mountains were just breathtaking.  the sun was out and it was a clear day so that made it even more beautiful.  I felt a sense of calmness when viewing those mountains.
This sounds odd but I did see something of beauty in nature a few days ago. I hike to the grocery store every other day or so and on my way last week I happened to look up ant there was  red shouldered hawk circling near me. He was carrying in one talon a 1 or 2 pound fish. He or she was obviously taking it to the nest because his/her mate was also nearby signaling. I stood at the side of the road watching the hawk feed his family. It was fascinating and beautiful.  Gory..ok.. but still utterly riveting and beautiful.
Camping on a sandbank next to a river. Trees everywhere and the sun shining brightly. Wild life roaming around.
Last Summer, I visited Niagara Falls with my partner. The natural beauty of the falls was immense. I felt the strength of the nature on top of its beauty. The experience built in me a respect for the nature.
just before three years i saw girl with  beauty , i like her a lot i just feel like fall in love with her
the day i got scholarship to study account
Honestly the most beautiful thing for me is.. About 1.5 years ago now I fell in love with a girl, and her with me. It got to a point where we would spent half the day together in complete unity and love. We wanted nothing else but to just be with each other. We would make passionate love and just lay there for the next 8 hours talking about our fantasies we wanted together. Unfortunately that had to end, it was inevitable. But when you fall in love with someone like that it is the most beautiful thing. Period.
The first time I saw the ocean, I was fifteen years old. It was late in the day, and the sun was going down. It wasn't a beach, but a grassy area near our hotel. I smelled the sea, and it was warm but not hot. The sun was setting behind me (not toward the ocean), but it was amazingly blue and purple and went on forever.
When I was doing my college, I along with my friends went for a flower shop. That was the first time in my life going to flower shop. I bought some flowers and also took some pictures of me with those flowers. I felt so happy and proud of me. I looked so beautiful with those flowers on my hand. 
"After reading some of these answers, I asked my son Alfie aged 3 if he could remember being inside mummy's tummy. He sadi 'Yeah', so I asked him what it was like. He said 'soft' and 'dark' and then when asked what it looked like he said 'shiny' (odd answer? not if you've ever seen a placenta). I asked him if he could remember coming out and he said 'yes, it hurt me.' Can't wait until my little girl has the vocabulary to tell me what she thought!
"
"I once took a flight in a Hot air balloon. During the flight, the basket floated up and down. My son and I slowly glided with the wind and watched the peaceful countryside pass below. It was a surreal experience.The wind was calm but I could still feel it brush against my face. As the basket climbed higher and higher,the feeling was exhilarating, breathtaking but a little scary all at the same time. The land below, the water bodies plus the vegetation was the most beautiful scenery I had ever seen
"
I remember the last time I visited my hometown. I took my mother to the local botanical garden. She really enjoys flowers and nature, as long as it isn't too annoying, lol. Anyway, one of the features of the botanical garden is a butterfly sanctuary. When, we stepped into the butterfly room, I was surprised how humid the room was. But, the actual sight of hundreds, maybe thousands of butterflies was absolutely beautiful. And just as beautiful: the expression of happiness and joy on my mother's face.
The most beautiful experience I have was the first time I held my nephew. He looked so cute and smelled of a baby. He clung unto my thumb and he wouldnt let go. His closed eyes were so adorable.
I was on a ship, sailing on one of the Great Lakes. I remember looking over the side and watching the ship cutting through the water. Waves caused by the displacement. The water was a dark blue. Dark blue with white ripples caused by the displacement waves.
It was about 10 years ago and I was in the back yard with my family. We had a big backyard, with a quarter of it a garden fenced off. The rest had a trampoline, a swing set, a patio table and our grill. We were outside having a fun day together. The scents come to me first. My stepdad was grilling so there was that but under that was the strong smell of the tomato plants and a general "green" scent.  The beauty was in my family, what I saw as I observed them. It was  a perfect spring day, I think it could have been Easter weekend because he was home during the day. He had his car stereo on playing Mexican style music. He and my mom were hugging and flirting and he was dancing. This lasted about three hours, three hours of blissful peace and happiness and the beauty of nature all around us and within us.
I was at a festival and there was an artist playing at night that makes beautiful music. They started playing a really powerful piece, and there was so much love, and so many lights around me, and the stage was in the middle of a forest, and I just really felt at peace.
It was such a moment that I remember even 31 years ago, it still seems as sharp and clear as if I am stil 24 and looking at some amazing animal. I was working in Israel up in a farm commune in the Golan Height. My farmer was in middle of harvesting olives and he had me   separating bad olives with good ones. We had them loaded in a huge cart. Beside me were other helpers, Druze villagers from the surrounding area. Happy people that appeared to welcome me without any sense of hate or contempt. So we where standing around this big cart of olives surrounded by olive trees when I heard this barking sound. I look up and framed their between trees that lead to a open area stood this gorgeous brown and white gazelle like creature. I appeared to be playing around with the other animals there. It was prancing around and it looked like it had deep black stripes going down its back and face. It\s movement were fluid as if the legs where made of a different substance than mire flesh and bone. And can only say this it sort of emphasis what I saw later that day. These were the creatures that moved up and down the mountains of the Golan as if just taking a hike. Jumping up on rocky narrow mountain sides as if gravity was only a passing thought. This was my moment that made me stop.
I had a great and beautiful exprience recently when I retired from the job. I retired and they gave me retirement party and also a memento to remember for.
I was thinking of th sunset I saw last night. It was amazing the clouds were perfect. 
One time my partner and I went on a picnic in the park by the Delaware River. We enjoyed laying on the blanket and having a nice conversation. When the sun started to go down we sat on the dock together and watched it. It looked so beautiful lighting up the sky in hues of yellow, pink, and orange. The sound of ships going by was equally beautiful. I held her close to me and it was an overall beautiful experience. 
I went hiking. I was told that there was a waterfall somewhere along the trail. First, I heard it and went toward the sound. The waterfall was absolutely beautiful. The sound of rushing water was amazing and it was nice to see how it flowed. Another beautiful part I didn't expect was how easy it was the see the rocks beneath the water because the water was so clear. So the rocks were beautiful and clean. A very beautiful sight altogether.
I saw a beautiful woman. She didn't know what she was. If I knew her alone, her name was Juliana. Whenever I see her, I get some kind of love. I love her smells.
going to the local aquarium nd seeing all o the sea creatures like sharks dolphins otters turltes and jellish also seeing the outside animals like 
The beauty that comes to mind took place at a friends wedding. We were at a meadow right during spring bloom. There were beautiful red and pink roses everywhere. In between every rose bush was a purple lilac tree that made it even more admirable. The breeze in the air that day was almost mesmerizing. One of the most beautiful sites I have seen in my entire life. 
"I have a woods near me and have always liked to be in nature. As a kid I would head out into the countryside so nature is not new. On this day at the age of about 45 (17 years ago) I entered a woods near me alone and went in and sat on a log. I then took a hit of cannabis off a small pipe. Cannabis is also nothing new. I have been on and off smoking it since I was 15. But this time (about 2 pm on a July day) getting away from my life and in this perfectly peaceful place, it came alive. It was so peaceful. I had zero worries. I was caught up in the now as it were. The pure peace and somewhat quiet. The woods is actually bustling with noises and activities and on cannabis in July with tons of life around it all became a very enticing show. Everything was so peaceful and I was just there. Just an observer but also caught up in it. It was a one time thing when I felt truly at peace and in touch with nature. I was very, very, very happy (not from cannabis but from the experience). Cannabis only brought my awareness around to what was really going on and allowed me to tune in to the peace of pure nature free from all worry, tasks, responsibilities, humans, money, health, age, all the basic junk we have to deal with. I was free from all that for about an hour. I was very surprised by how much I liked being there and by the hidden peaceful world that is always there but which I seldom see.
"
In 2012 I was home in NH during a snow and I forgot how beautiful it is after living away from home in CA for so long. Everything was the brightest pure white and fluffy as cotton. It was quiet as a church and so peaceful.
When I went to India to see my family,  I was stunned by how beautiful the country was. I still remember the smells I had when I was there. There was so much natural beauty. I feel nostalgic every time I hear about India.
when my daugter was born i didn't know what to expect, i was just with my husband my mother and father could not be there but the time i see the little beautifull face and i knew what love was, i knew my life wouldn't be the same anymore.
I remember going to the beach and it was beautiful.
When I was wearing a suit for giving an important presentation everyone kept telling me how good looking i was. I was so proud and it helped me give the presentation. 
When I went to Wilmington a few weeks ago I was looking over the capre fear river on the edge of the city downtown. I was just looking out watching the sun set over the water and it was so intensely beautiful to see. The sky was a bright pinkish red and the sun was so fiery and orange. The wind felt great on my face and the air even smelled great. There was so much happening around me but when I experienced this and took a deep breathe, it felt as if all things had stopped while I took in this moment.
A time when I felt intense beauty was when I had sex with my girlfriend for the first time. it was such a beautiful and intimate moment. We were both laying on her bed when she just calmly slid her shorts down and presented her ass to me. I clearly remember spending 10 to 15 minutes just touching it and exploring it. Squeezing it. It was the most beautiful sight I had ever seen. I then lifted her shirt up and gazed at her laying there. The angle and the lighting in the room, and the position she was in. it was almost more than I can handle. 
When I was 24, my girlfriend and I were in the hospital, and dealing with the roughest time of our lives - we were getting evicted from our apartment. After failing to take the proper steps to legally withhold our rent from the landlord due to a problem that wasn't being addressed, we found ourselves on the bad end of a 7-day eviction notice. As if that wasn't stressful enough, we were in the hospital because my girlfriend was about to give birth to our first child. It was when she gave birth, that my life was transformed. I honestly didn't want a kid, and didn't want him, until the moment I saw him. When I walked into the room for the first time after he was born, I laid my eyes on a beautiful baby boy, and immediately became a changed person; I had helped bring into being this beautiful being and was overwhelmed with happiness, immediately breaking down in tears as I held him close and just looked into his eyes.
I had a beautiful experience when I get promoted at my job to a manager level.
I recall a couple of years ago when I went to my friend's place in Iowa. His family owns a lot of land out there and it was absolutely beautiful. I am a city boy, so I was blown away by the beauty and nature out there. It was a great experience and a great vacation from the loud and obnoxious city life.
I was in Florida when I saw the ocean of the first time and it was at sun set. Seeing the blazing orange water go on seemingly forever.
I climbed up to the top of big slide mountain in the adirondacks, the view was beautiful
I went to the botantical gardens and saw so many amazingly colorful flowers.
Hiking up hawk mountain during the fall. It's a long hike to the top where you overlook a wide variety of trees and colors, wildlife, rock river. It's peaceful up there.
I remember the first time I saw a picture of the countryside in Japan. It made my heart ache with longing. I knew that I had some connection to that place in my soul. This made me believe in past lives.
A few years ago a few of my friends and I spontaneously went to a music festival in the city. It was wonderful, we met new people and didn't have a worry in the world. That night while it was still going on we snuck away and laid in the grass and looked at the stars together. I felt amazing and I realized that's what gave life meaning for me; creating memories with the people I love most in the world. I started crying and told them why and that I loved them and then they hugged me. It made me incredibly happy.
I was playing an online competitive video game that I play frequently. One game I "popped off" so to speak, and performed way above my average performance. It felt like everything I did was perfect, and every shot I landed was a head shot. I felt that game was an expression of beauty, in a way.
One of my two most beautiful memories of my life was my wedding four years ago. It was my first marriage, as it was my husband's, and since we were both in our mid-50s we wanted a simple unelaborate event rather than the Cinderella type wedding that most little girls dream of. And yet my simple wedding was every bit as beautiful as the most expensive wedding in the most magnificent cathedral. My husband wore a plain green shirt and black pants, and a tie. I wore a simple long colorful dress. Our wedding was held in a tiny chapel that only accommodated 50 people. But it was a lovely wedding with just our closest friends and family. The air was thick with genuine love and happiness on our big day. Even the weather was a miracle. We married in mid-February, which is typically cold and frequently rainy. But that day the sun was shining and the temperature was a balmy 75 degrees. The sheer love and joy coming from us and all our guests was palpable. Four years later I still get a smile on my face and a lump in my throat thinking of that beautiful day. I hope that feeling stays with me for the rest of my life.
I went to Shanghai, China and it was absolutely stunning, especially at night. The skyscrapers and all the buildings were lit up with neon colors. It was amazing and beautiful. I did not expect China to be like this. It was a reminder of how far they have come in such a fast pace. The city looked like it was the future or something. 
I felt intense beauty when I first arrived at the site of my wedding.  It was fully decorated and full of beautiful flowers and decorations  It was pleasing to look at and peaceful to be around.  It was overwhelming.
I went to Hawaii last year for a week and the beauty all around from the ocean to the mountains. It was breathtaking.
I stopped at a lookout on top of a mountain in Virginia on the Blue Ridge Parkway with my girlfriend. The view was amazing, you could see mountains stretching away for miles. My girlfriend was looking beautiful too, had to get some pictures.
My husband and I had a really small wedding reception right inside of our home, but we wanted to make sure we found a really special place to get pictures taken after the ceremony. So we spent a few weeks driving around and exploring places we could go take pictures with the family. It was a summer evening, around the time the sun was beginning to set, and we came across this very old stone church that sat on a hill overlooking tons of greenery and mountains. Right next to the church was a stone archway with a stone wall around it that was low enough to sit on. My husband and I did not even have to say anything to one another, we just both silently knew this was where we wanted our wedding pictures taken. I vividly remember the sun was beginning to set and we just sat there together, overlooking the mountains and open sky watching all the different colors fade into night. It was a breathtaking view and extremely meaningful because I was about to marry my best friend and we got to experience this beauty together.
one day i was so stress by work and sleep i went to office by car the traffic made me so anger i realize i need a break for all of this the i meet a friend amma she as me to go to her farm house i went with her and meet her family and the silent nature place give me a relief from all the stress the nature places and the birds sound that is the beauty experience of the nature i feel so happy to see all of that 
I would have to say when my children were born. To pick only one, when my first child was born because that was the first time I was ever able to see a miracle. Nothing more beautiful than seeing your own child born. It is something that is hard to put into words, but genuinely the most beautiful thing I have ever seen or will see in my lifetime. 
I imagined a view I saw from the bay. It was a view of downtown that was spectacular. The sun was out, and the visibility was high, which just enhanced the beauty of the scene even more. It was totally picturesque.
Recently, I had the opportunity to see the go to the Amazo forest. The experience was truly breathtaking and I felt immense beauty and connection with nature. 
When I went to visit my brother, we went to this really nice vineyard. It was in the middle of the mountains, and it had this great view. It was on top of a pretty high hill, and it had this great view of the surrounding countryside, It was just very pretty and very peaceful
I finally arrived at my dream school Notre Dame and was able to witness the beauty of the golden dome and the grotto. I love the school and was emotional finally being their as a student.
When my aunt was getting married. I got dressed up as a bridesmaid. I felt so happy, everyone complimented me. I could smell roses everywhere. This was beautiful for me
I remember when I was about 13 years old, I went on a camping trip to Yosemite with my family. The drive to the campgrounds was stunning. We drove alongside rivers, both big and small. We drove through what seemed like a never ending forest. and once you got a little clearing from the trees, you saw an amazing mountain which if I recall correctly was called Half Dome. All of this combined made for what I think is real beauty. 
Riding a bus for a couple hours to do something for my school. About an hour in, we get as close to the waterfront as I've ever been. I forgot I lived in a coastal town; we were at the top of a hill, so looking out the window, it looked like the whole of Northrop Grumman opened up for us to see, like a picture book. I saw a destroyer-class ship just bobbing in the water, the sunlight glare sharp enough to leave after images. I saw what looked like a thousand tiny ants crawling in and out, manning vehicles, sitting down with each other. It seemed like a dream. It made me tiny.
It is a very beautiful experience. Perhaps the one that every girl wants to experience. This is the day that I got married. Everything about that day was beautiful, but I was the most beautiful.  In my white dress with my hair tossed in curls bouncing with my every movement. I was perfect. My groom was handsome and it was very serene. We married on a boat in the Marina where the waves crashing against the shore was the best musical ensemble one could ever imagine. The Seagulls chimed in on the music with their screeching and the wind instruments were represented by the wind blowing lightly across the shore.  This was the most beautiful day in my life besides the three children produced as a byproduct of that beautiful day!
I remember the time when my son was born. He was 6 1/2 inches and 6 lbs. Born 7:46 AM on a Monday.  I remember after I was done going through labor and I the nurse rolled me into the elevator and into the room I was staying in. My son wasn't there yet, but when he came back. I felt such relief and so many emotions rolling in all at once. I started to cry because it was so overwhelming. Mind you I did not have as much support as I should have. It was bittersweet. Whenever he yawned, I felt my stomach flutter at how cute he was. I was in such awe. When I saw my husband holding him and cooing to him, I felt that same fluttering feeling in my gut. It was such a beautiful moment for me. I still get those feelings from time to time with my child.
My friend invited me and my partner to stay at her mother's house  in the country after my sister died. We sat on the back patio in the woods, listening to the babbling of the stream behind the house and looking at the trees and the stars. There's a lot less light pollution there, and the stars looked more numerous. I felt relaxed for the first time in weeks.
At one of my past jobs I was a grower. I was in charge of several hundred plants and I loved working every day. Watching the plants grow under ideal conditions, smelling them, touching them and caring for them. Growing is truly a very rewarding experience and if you can appreciate the beauty of plants there's not much else that's more beautiful to you then seeing a garden grow to fruition.
I was walking through the "Garden of the gods" and I looked over the edge to see a acres of trees stretching off into the distance.
During my last year of medical school I was struggling a lot balancing my academics and my family life. I was feeling really stressed and hopeless, so I took a cross-country trip to spend time with my grandmother. My grandfather had been deceased for over 15 years, and she still clung very closely to all of his possessions. Even though we had very little language overlap, and I could not speak much in her language besides basic things, she understood well how stressed I was. We spent the weekend together cooking, working in her garden and just doing everyday things together. At the end of the week she gave me a gold pendant that belonged to my grandfather, something that she had given him years earlier when they were dating. This was his most prized posession. For me, this was meaningful because it was her way of communicating to me that she believed in me and that my grandfather was proud of me, and would always be with me.